FRANCE, a large kingdom of Europe, fituated between and 7'' E. Long, and between 43^ and- 51" N. Lat. being bounded by the Englifh channel and the Auftrian Netherlands on the north ; by Ger- many, Switzerland, Savoy, and Piedmont, in Italy, on the eaft; by the Mediterranean fea, and the Pyreiieanmountains, which feparate it from Spain, on the fouth; and by the bay of Bifcay on the weft. Tiie kingdom of France was originally pofTeffed by the Cehes or Gauls, They were a very warlike people, and often checked the progrefs of the Roman j"g'^ by"jai. arms; nor did they yield till the time of Julius Caefar, Lus Cafar. who totally fubdued their country, and reduced it to the form of a Roman province*. The Romans con-* See Gauh tinued in quiet poffeflion of Gaul, as long as their empire retained its ftrength, and they were in a condition to reprefs the incurfions of the German nations, whom even in the zenith of their power they had not been able to fubdue. But in the reign of the emperor Valerian, the ancient Roman valour and difcipline had begun to decline, and the fame care was not taken to defend the provinces as formerly. The barbarous na* 2' tions, therefore, began to make much more frequent Invaded by incurfions; and among the reft the. Franh, a Ger- the Franks, man nation, inhabiting the banks of the Rhine, proved particularly troublefome. Their origin is varioufly ac- counted for; but the moft probable fupgolition is, that about the time of the emptror Gordian, the people inhabiting the banks of the lower Rhine entered into a confederacy with thofe who dwelt on the Wefer, and both together affumed the name of Franks or Freeman. Their firft irruption, we are told by Valefius, happened in the year 254, the fecond of Valerian's reign. At this time they were but few in number;, aiid were repulfed by Aurelian, afterwaids emperor^. Nofc
Not dircoiiraged by this check, they returned two' years after in far greater numbers ; but were again defeated by Gallienus, whom Valerian had chofen for his partner in the empire. Others, however, continued to pour in from their native country in fuch multitudes, that Gallienus, no longer able to drive them out by force of arms, made advantageous propofals to one of their chiefs, whom he engaged to defend the frontiers againfl: his countrymen as well as other in- vaders. This expedient did not long anfwer the purpofe. In 260 the Franks, taking advantage of the defeat and captivity of Valerian in Perfia, broke into Gaul,,and afterwards into Italy, committing every where dreadful ravages. Five years afterwards they invaded Spain ; which they poffcfled, or rather plundered, for the fpace of 12 years: nor could they be driven out of Gaul till the year 275, when the emperor Probus not only gave them a total overtlirow in that country, but purfued them Into their own, where he built feveral forts to keep them in awe. This intimidated tjiemfo much, that nine of their kings fubmitted to the emperor, and promifed an annual tribute. 
—They continued quiet till the year 287; when, in conjuuftion with the Saxon pirates, they plundered the coafts o.Gaul, carrying off an iramenfe boc3ty. To revenge this infult, the emperor Maximian entered the country of the Franks the following year, where he committed fuch ravages that two of their kings fubmitted to him; and to many of the common people who chofe to re- main in Gaul, he allowed lands in the neighbourhood of Treves and Cambray. Tlie reftlefs difpofition of the Franks, however, did not allow them to remain long in quiet. About the year 293, they made themfelves mafters of Batavia and part of Flanders ; but were, entirely defeated, and forced to furrender at difcretion, by Conflantius the father of Conftantine the Great, who tranfplanted thera into Gaul. Their countrymen in Germany continued quiet till the year 306, when they renewed their de- predations ; but being overcome by Conftantine the Great, two of their kings were taken prifoners, and thrown to the wild beafts in the fhows exhibited on that occafion. All thefe viftories, however, as well as many others faid to have been gained by the Romans, were not fuf- ficient to prevent the incurfions of this reftlefs and tur- bulent nation ; infomuch that, in the year 355, they had made themfelves maftSrs of 40 cities in the pro- vince of Gaul. Soon after, they were totally defeated hy the emperor Julian, and again by count Theodofius, father to the emperor of that name ; but, in the year 388, they ravaged the province with more fury than ever, and cut oS a whole Roman army that was fent againft them. As the weftern empiie was at this time in a very low ftate, they for fome time found more interruption from other barbarians than from the Romans, till their progrefs was checked by Aetius.When the war with Aetius broke out, the Franks were governed by one Pharamond^ the firft of their kinifS of whom we have any diftinft account. He is fuppofed to have reigned from the year 417 or 418, to 428; and is thought by archbiftiop Uftier to haJjicen killed in the war with Aetius. By fome he is Chlideric fuppofed to have compiled the Salic Laws, with the Francealfiftance of four fages named Wifegafl, Loftgajl, gqft, and Solegqft. But Valefius is of opinion that the Franks had no written laws till the time of Clovis. 
 Pharamond was fucceeded by his fon Clodio, who Clodio, Hkcwife carried on a war againft the Romans. He is faid to have received a terrible overthrow from Aetius near the city of Lens ; notwithftanding which, he ad- vanced to Cambray, and made himfelf matter of that city, where for fome time he took up his refidence. After this he extended his conquells as far as the river Somme, and deftroyed the cities of Treves and Cologne, Tournay and Amiens. He died in the year 448, and was fucceeded by Merorsus. Authors are not agreed whether the new king was MerovsHj. tjrother, or fon, or any relation at all, to Clodio. It feems probable indeed, that he was of a difterent fa- mily ; as from him the firft racf: of French kings wer ftyled Merovingian. He was honoiired and refpefted by his people, but did not greatly enlarge the boundaries of his kingdom. He died in 458.
Merovaeus was fucceeded by his fon Chllderic; who being no longer kept in awe by Aetius, made war on the Romans, and extended his conquefts as far as the river Loire. He is faid to have taken the city of Paris after a ficge of five years, according to fome, and of ten, according to others. The Roman power was now totally deftroyed in Italy ; and therefore Clodo- vaus, Clovis, or Louis, for his name is differently written, who fucceeded Chllderic, fet himfelf about making an entire conqueft of Gaul. Part of the province was ftill retained by a Roman named Syagrius, who probably had become fovereign of the country on the downfal of the weftern empire in 476. He was defeated and taken prifoner by Clovis, who after- wards caufed him to be beheaded, and foon after totally reduced his dominions.
Thus was the French monarchy eftablifhed by Clovis in the year 487. He now pofTefTed all the coun- narchy cfta- try lying between the Rhine and the Loire; which, though a very extenfive dominion, was yet confider- ably inferior to what it Is at prefent. Clovis^ had been educated in the Pagan religion, and continued in that profeflion till the 30th year of his age^ notwithftanding which he allowed his fubjedg full liberty of confclence. Having married, however, Clotilda, daughter of the duke of Burgundy, this princefs, who was a zealous Chriftlan, ufed all her in- fluence with her hufband to perfuade him to embrace her religion. For fome time he continued to waver; but happening to gain a battle, where, being in great danger, he had invoked the god of Clotilda and the Chrlftians, he afterwards gave fuch a favourable ear to the difcourfes of Remiglus bifhop of Rheims, that he foon declared himfelf a convert, and was baptlfed in the year 496. His acknowledgment of the truths of the gofpel was not followed by any amendment of life : on the contrary, he employed the remainder of his life in the aggrandifement of himfelf and extenfion of his dominions by the moft abominable treachery, fraud, and violence. In his attacks on Armorica he proved unfuccefsful. The inhabitants of this country, which comprehended the maritime part of ancient Gaul lying between the rivers Seine and Loire, had united for their defence j and though abandoned by the romans mans, made a powerful defence agalnft the barbarians who affaulted them on all fides. Clovis, finding them too powerful to be fubdued by force, propofed an union with his people, which they readily accepted, and this the more eafily on account of his profeffing the Chriftain religion. Thus the Chriftianity of Clovis in feveral inftances proved fubfervient to the purpofes of his ambition, and his power became gradually very for- midable. The Burgundians at this time polTeffed all the country from the foreft of Vofges to the fea of Marfeilles, under Gondebaud the uncle of Clotilda; who to fecure his own authority, had put to death two of his brothers, one of whom was the father of the French queen. The third brother, GodageJiU whom he had fpared and allowed to pofTefs the principality of Geneva, confpired with Clovis to drive him from his dominions. A war having commenced between the French and Burgundian monarchs, the latter was deferted in a battle by Godagefil, and obliged to fly to Avignon, leaving his antagonift mailer of the cities of Lyons and Vienna. The vi6lor next laid fiege to Avignon ; but it was defended with fuch vigour, that Clovis at laft thought proper to accept of a fum of money and an annual tribute from Gondebaud ; who was likewife obliged to cede to Godagefil the city of Vienne, and feveral other places taken during the war.Gondebaud no fooner found himfelf at liberty from his enemies, than he afiembled a powerful army ; with which he advanced towards Vienne, where Godagefi himfelf refided at that time. The place was garrifon- ed by 5000 Franks, and might have made confiderable refinance ; but Gondebaud being admitted through the fubterraneous pafTage of an aquedudl, malTacred moft of the Franks, fent the reft prifoners to the king of the Vifigoths, and put Godagefil to death. This was quickly followed by the fubmiflion of all the other places which had owned the authority of Godagefil: and Gondebaud, now thinking himfelf able to refiit the power of Clovis, fent a melFage to inforrn him, that he muft no longer expeft the promifed tribute; and though Clovis was very much mortified with this defection, he found himfelf obliged for the prefent to put up with the injury, and accept of the alliance and military fervice of the king of Burgundy.
His next expedition was againft the Vifigoths, who polTefled confiderable territories on both fides of the Pyrenean mountains. His motives for this underta- king were expreffed in the following fpeech to his nobility when afTembled in the city of Paris, which he confidered as the capital of his dominions. " It is with concern (faid the religious monarch) that I fufFer the Arians to poflefs the moft fertile part of Gaul; let us, with the aid of God, march againft them; and having conquered them, annex their kingdom to our dominions." The nobility approved of the fcheme; and Clovis marched againft a prince for whpm he had but lately profeffed the greateft regard, vowing to e- reft a church in honour of the holy apoftles, if he fwc- ceeded in his enterprife. Alaric the king of the Vifigoths was a young man deftitute of military experience, though perfonally brave. He did not there- fore hefitate at engaging his antagonift ; but, unable to contend with the veteran troops of Clovis, his army was utterly defeated on the banks of the Claio; 10 miles fouth of PoIAlers, in the year 507. Alan'c, per- France, ceiving the ruin of his troops, rufhed againft Clovis in  perfon, by whom he was killed, and the remainder of the army purfued for fome time with great flaughter. After this victory the province of Aquitain fubmitted, and Clovis eftabliflied his winter quarters at Bourdeaux. Tholoufe furrendered next fpring; and the royal treafures of the Vifigoths were tranfported to Paris. Angoulcme was next reduced, and the city of Aries inverted. But here the vidorious career of Clovis was ftopped by Theodoric king of the Oftrogoths, who had overturned the dominion of Odoacer in Italy. He had married Abolfleda the fifter of Clovis, but had alfo given his own daughter in marriage to the king of the Vifigoths, and had endeavoured, as much as was in his power, to preferve a good underftandlng between the two fovereigns. Finding this impoflible, however, and that no bounds could be fet to the ambition of Clovis, he fent one of his generals with a powerful army againft him; by whom the French monarch was defeated with the lofs of 30,000 men. By this misfortune Clovis was obliged to raife the fiege of Aries with precipitation : however, the Franks ftill retained the greateft part of their conquefts, and the province of Aquitain was indiflblubly annexed to their empire.
 In 509, Clovis had the title of Roman confiil; byj^j^g^g^^, which means the people of Rome were infenfibly led ed with the; to pay a peculiar regard to the French monarchs: and title of ReClovis was now fuppofed to be invefted with a juft' title to all his conqu^fts in whatever manner they had been acquired. He was folemnly invefted with his new dignity in the church of 8t Martin in the city of Tours ; after which he entered the cathedral clothed in a purple tunic and mantle, the badges of his office. Clovis now proceeded to augment his power by the murder of his kinfmen the princes of the Merovingian race. Among thofe who periftied on this occafion were Sigibert king of Cologne, with bis fon Cloderic, Cararic, another prince whofe dominions have not been _ accurately pointed out by hiftorians ; Ranacaire, who governed the prefent diocefe of Cambray ; and Reno mer king of the territory of Maine. All the fe murders, however, were expiated, according to the views of the clergy of thofe times, by the great zeal he exprefled in the caufe of Chriftianity, and his hberality to the church.
Clovis died in the year 511, after having reformed and publiflied the Salic laws : a few lines of which,, debarring women from inheriting any part of the Salic lands, have been extended fo far as to deprive the females of the royal family of France of their right of fucceffion to the throne of that kingdom. Clovis was buried in the church of St Peter and St Paul, now Genevieve, in the city of Paris, where jo^^j. his tomb is ftill to be feen. His dominions were di- nions divr- vided among his four fons. Thieri, or Theodoric, the ded amongeldeft, had the eaftern part of the empire ; and, from his making the city of Metz his capital, is commonly called the king of Mdz. Clodomir, the eldeft fon by Clotilda, had the kingdom of Orleans; Childebert, and Clotaire, who were both infants, had the kingdoms of Paris and Soiftbns, under the tutelage of their mother. The prudence of Clotida kept matters quiet in all the parts of the empire for eight years; but about Clotaire bC' come> fole monarch.
about the year 520, a numerous fleet of Danes arrived at the mouth of the Meufc ; and their king Cochihac, having landed his forces, began to deftroy the country with fire and fword. Againtt him Thieri fcnt his fon Theodobert, who defeated the Danllh army and navy, and killed their king, forcing the red to retire with precipitation. In 522, Hermanfroi king of Thuringia, havin:^ de- ftroyed one of his brethren mm^Ci Bertha'tre, and feized on his dominions, applied to Thieri for affillance a- gainft his other brother Balderic, whom he intended to treat in the fame manner. In this infamous enterprife Thieri embarked, on condition that he fliould have one half of Balderic's dominions ; but after the unhappy prince was overcome and killed in battle. Her manfroi feized all his dominions. Thieri had no opportunity of revenging hinifelf till the year 531 ; when perceiving the power of the Oflrogoths, whom he much dreaded, to be confiderably leffened by the death of king Theodric, he engaged his brother Clotaire to alTift him; and they accordingly entered Thuringia with two powerful armies. They joined their forces as foon as they had palTed the Rhine, and were quickly after reinforced by a coufiderable body of troops under the com.mand of Theodobert. The al- lies attacked the army of Hermanfroi, which was advantageoufly ported; and having totally defeated it, he was forced to fly from place to place in difguife. Soon after this the capital was taken, and Hermanfroi himfelf being invited to a conference by Thieri, was trea- cheroully murdered ; after which his extenfive dominions became feudatory to Thieri. In the mean time, Clotilda had excited her children to make war on the Burgundians, in order to revenge the death of her father Chilperic, whom Gondebaud king of Burgundy had caufed to be murdered. Gondebaud was now dead, and had left his dominions to his fons Sigifmund and Godemar. Sigifmund's forces were quickly defeated ; and he himfelf was foon after ddivered up by his own fubjefts to Clodomir, who caufed him to be thrown into a pit, where he perifhed miferably. By his death Godemar became fole mafter of Burgundy. Clodomir marched againll him, and defeated him ; but purfuing his vidory too eagerly, was furrounded by his enemies and flain. After the reduction of Thuringia, however, Childebert and Clotaire entered the kingdom of Burgundy at the head of a powerful army, and in 534 completed the conqueft of it ; in which, according to fome, Godemar was kill- ed ; according to others, he retired into Spain, and from thence into Africa. In 560 Clotaire became fole monarch of France. He nad murdered the fons of Clodomir, who was killed in Burgundy as above related. Thieri and his children were dead, as was alfo Childebert ; fo that Clotaire was fole heir to all the dominions of Clovis. He had five fons; and the eldcft of them, named Chramnes, had fome time before rebelled againfl: his father in Auvergnc.
As long as Childebert lived, he fupported the young prince ; but on his death, Chramnes was obliged to implore his father's clemency. He was at this time pardoned ; but he foon began to cabal afrefh, and en- gaged the count of Bretagne to affiil him in another rebellion. The Bretons, however, were defeated, and Chramnes determined to make Lis efcape ; but percelving that his wife arid children were furrounded by his France. father's troops, he attempted to refcue them In this v—— attempt he was taken pnfoncr, and with his family was thru [I into a thatched cottage near the field of battle; of which the king was no fooner informed, than he commanded the cottage to be fet on fire, and all that were in it perifhed in the flames. 
Clotaire did not long furvive this cruel execution ofThe empire his fon, but died in 562; and after his death the^S"'" French empire was divided among his four remaining fons, Caribert, Gontran, Sigebert, and Chilperic.
The old king made no divifion of his dominions before he died, which perhaps caufed the young princes to fall out fooner than they would otherwife have done. After his death, however, they divided the kingdom by lot; when Caribert, the eldelt, had the kingdom of Paris  Gontran, the fecond, had Orleans; Sigibert had Metz (or the kingdom of Auftrafia) ; and Chilperic had Soiffons. Provence and Aquitaine were poiTeiTcd by all of them in common. The peace of the empire was firil dif- turbed in 563 by an invafion of the Abares ; a barbarous nation, faid to be the remains of the Hanns. They entered Thuringia, which belonged to the dominions of Sigebert ; but by him they were totally defeated, and obhged to repafs the Elbe with precipitation. Sigebert purfued them clofe, but readily con- cluded a peace with them on their firft propofals. To this he was induced, by hearing that his brother Chilperic had invaded his dominions, and taken Rheims and fome other places in the neighbourhood. Againil him., therefore, Sigebert marched with his victorious army, made himfelf mafter of SoifTons his capital, and of the perfon of his eldeft fon Theodobert. He then defeated Chilperic in battle ; and not only recovered the place which he had feized, but conquered the greater part of his dominions : neverthelefs, on the mediation of the other two brothers, Sigebert abandoned all his conquers, fet Theodobert at liberty, and thus re- ilored peace to the empire. Soon after this, Sigebert married Brunehaut daughter to Athanagilde king of the Vifigoths in Spain; and in a little time after the marriage, died Caribert king of Paris, whofe dominions were divided among his three brethren. In 567 Chilperic married Galfwintha, Brune- infamous haut's eldefl fifter, whom he did not obtain without coiduifl of fome difficulty. Before her arrival, he difmified his Chilperic. miflrefs called Fredegonde ; a woman of great abilities and firmnefs of mind, but ambitious to the higlieft degree, and capable of committing the blackeft crimes in order to gratify her ambition. The queen, who brought with her immenfe treafures from Hpain, and made It her whole fludy to pleafe the king, was for fome time entirely acceptable. By degrees, however, Chilperic fufFered Fredegonde to appear again at court, and was fufpefted of having renewed his Intercourfe with her ; which gave fuch umbrage to the queen, that ibe defired leave to return to her own country, promifing to leave behind her all the wealth fhe had brought. The king, knowing that this would render him extremely odious, found means to diffipate his wife's Aifplcions, and foon after caufed her to be privately flrangled, upon which he publicly married Fre- degonde.
Such an atrocious aftion could not fail of exciting the greatell indignation againfl Chilperic. His domi- 4 nions Sipebert af- faffinated;  nions were Immediately invaded by Sigebert and Gontran, who conquered the greateft part of them ; after which they fuddenly made peace, Chilperic confenting that Brunehaut (hould enjoy thofe places which on his marriage he had beftowed upon Galfwintha, viz, Bourdeaux, Limoges, Cahors, Bigorre, and the town of Beam, now called Lefcar. The French princes, however, did not long conti- nue at peace among themfelves. A war quickly enfucd, In which Gontran and Chilperic allied themfelves »galnft Sigebert. The latter prevailed ; and having forced Gontran to a feparate peace, feemed determined to make Chilperic pay dear for his repeated perfidy and infamous conduft ; when he was aflaflinated by a contrivance of Fredegonde, who thus faved herfelf and Chilperic from the moll imminent danger. Immediately on his death, Brunehaut fell Into the hands of Chilperic ; but Gondebaud, one of Sigebert's beft generals, made his efcape into Auftrafia with Chlldebert, the only fon of Sigebert, an Infant of about five years of age, who was Immediately proclaimed king in room of his father. In a fhort time, however, Meroveus, el- deft fon to Chilperic, fell in love with Brunehaut, and married her without acquainting his father. Chilperic, on this news, Immediately went to Rouen, where Meroveus and his confort were ; and having feized them, fent Brunehaut and her two daughters to Metz, and carried Meroveus to Solflbns. Soon after, one of his generals being defeated by Gontran, who efpoufed Brunehaut's caufe, Chilperic, In a fit of rage, caufed Meroveus to be fliaved and confined In a monaftery.
From hence he found means to make his efcape, and with great difficulty arrived in Auftrafia, where Brunehaut would gladly have protedled him : but the jealoufy of the nobles was fo ftrong, that he was forced to leave that country ; and being betrayed into the hands of his father's forces, was murdered at the Inftigation of Fredegonde, as was generally believed. The French empire was at this time divided between Gontran king of Orleans, called alfo king of Burgundy, Chilperic king of Solflbns, and Childebert king of Auftrafia. Chilperic found his affairs In a very dlfagree- able fituation. In 579, he had a difpute with Varoc count of Bretagne, who refufed to do him homage.
Chilperic difpatched a body of troops againft him ; who were defeated, and he was then forced to fubmit to a dif- honourable peace. His brother and nephew lived in ftrlft union, and had no reafon to be very well pleafed with him. His own fubjefts, being opprefled with heavy taxes, were miferably poor anddifcontented. His fon Clovis, by a former queen named Andovera., hated Fredegonde, and made no fecret of his averfion. To add to his embarraflment, the feafons were for a long time fo unfavourable, that the country was threatened with famine and peftilence at the fame time. The king and queen were both attacked by an epidemic difeafe which then raged. They recovered : but their three fons, Clodobert, Samfon, and Dagobert, died; after which, the fight of Clovis became fo difagreeable to Fredegonde, that file caufed him to be murdered, and Hkewife his mother Andovera, left Chilperic's af-of being conquered by Gontran and Chlldebert, who Fraitce. had entered into a league for 'that purpofe. After his — death Fredegonde Implored the proteftlon of Gontran for herfelf and her Infant fon Clotaire ; which he very readily granted, and obliged Chlldebert to put an end to the war. He found himfelf, however, greatly dlf- ficulted to keep Fredegonde and Brunehaut In awe ; for thefe two prlncelfes having been long rivals and Implacable enemies, were continually plotting tke deftruftlon of each other. This, however, he accompliftied, by favouring fometimes Brunehaut and fometimes Fredegonde ; fo that, during his life, neither of them durft undertake any thing againft the other. On the 28th of March 593, died Gontran, having Death of lived upwards of 60, and reigned 32 years. Chlldebert fucceeded to the kingdom without oppofition, but did not long enjoy It ; he himfelf dying in the year 596, and his queen fliortly after. His dominions were dUvided between his two fons Theodobert and Thierri ; the firft of whom was declared king of Auftraf^^, and the latter king of Burgundy. As Theodobert war only In the nth year of his age, and Thierri In his loth, Brunehaut governed both kingdoms with an abfolute fway. Fredegonde, however, took care not to let flip fuch a favourable opportunity as was offered her by the death of Childebert, and therefore made herfelf miftrefs of Paris and fome other places on the Seine, Upon this Brunehaut fent againft her the beft part ofAnd Fra- the forces In Auftrafia, who were totally defeated; but Fredegonde died before flie had time to improve her vidory, leaving her fori Clotaire heir to all her dominions. For fome time Brunehaut preferved her kingdom In peace ; but in the end her own ambition proved her ruin, Inftead of Inftrufting Theodobert in what wasneceflary for a prince to know, flie look care rather to keep him In Ignorance, and even fuffered him to marry a young and handfome flave of his father's. The new queen was poflefled of a great deal of affability and good-nature; by which means flie In a fliort time gain- ed the affeftion of her hufband fo much, that he readily confented to the banlfliment of Bruneha-ut, Upon this Brunehautdifgrace flie fled to Thierri king of Burgundy, In the banifhed. year 599. By him flie was very kindly received ; and Inftead of exciting jealoufies or mifunderftandings be- tween the two brothers, flie engaged Thierri to at- tempt the recovery of Paris and the other places which had been wrefted from their family by Fredegonde, procuring at the fame time a confiderable body of auxiliaries from the Vifigoths. This meafure was fo ac- ceptable to Theodobert, that he Hkewife raifed a nu- merous army, and Invaded Clotaire's dominions in con- junAion with his brother. A battle enfued, in which the forces of Clotaire were totally defeated, and himfelf obliged foon after to fue for peace ; which was not granted, but on condition of his yielding up the beft part of his dominions. This treaty was concluded In the year 600 ; but three years afterwards, it was broken by Clotaire. He was again attacked by the two brothers, and the war carried on with great vigour till the next fprlng. At feaion for her fliould return after the tragical death of this time Thierri having forced Landrl, Clotaire's ge- ^^T^°"'o ^.-1 • r,r , r neral, to a battle, gave him a total overthrow, In which In 583 Chilperic himfelf was murdered by fome un- the king's Infant fon MerovjEus, whom he had fent a- known affaffins, when his dominions were on the joint long with Landrl, was maflacred; to gratify, as Clo3 ^ tairc VOL.VIL Part I,
Feao^e.
i8
T)eath of Thkrri. taire pretended, the malice of Bi*inehaut. After this victory, Thierri marched direftly to Paris ; fully bent on the deftrudlion of his coiTfiot which now fceraed in- evitable. This, however, was prevented by TheodobeVt ; who no fooner heard of the vlftory gained by Thierri, than he became jealous of his fuccefs, and of- fered Clotaire f ich terms of peace as he gladly accepted. The latter having then nothing to fear c • the fide of Auftrafia, quickly compelled Thierri to lilien to terms of accommodatiop alfo. This behaviour of Theodobert greatly provoked his brother; and his refentment was highly inflamed by  Brunehaut, who never forgot her difgrace in being ba- nifhed from his court. A war was therefore commenced between the two brothers in 605 ; but it was fo highly difapproved of by the nobiUty, that Thierri found himfelf obliged to put an end to it. The tranquillity which now took place was again diilurbed in 607, by Theodobert'3 fending an embafiy to demand fonne part of Childebert's dominions which had been added, by the will of that monai'ch, to thofe of Bur- gundy. The nobility of both kingdoms were fo much averfe to war, that they conftrained their kings to confent to a confn-euce, attended by an equal number of troops ; but Theodobert, by a feandalous breach of his faith, brought double the number, and compelled his brother to fubmit to what terms he pleafcd. This piece of treachery inftantly brought on a war ; for Thierri was bent on revenge, and his nobility no ItMiger oppofed him. It was neceffary, however, to fectjre Clotaire by a ncgociation ; and accordinigly a promife was made of rellon'ng thofe parts of his dominions which had formerly been taken from hirfi, provided he would re- main quiet. This treaty being finiflied, Thierri en- tered Theodobert's dominions, defeated him in two battles, took hira prifoner, ufed him with the utmoft indignity ; and having caufed an infant fon of his to be pi«: to death, fent him to his grandmother Brunehaut. By her orders he was firlt Ihaved and confined iu a monafiery ; but afterwards, fearing left he (hoiJd make his efcape, flie caufed liim to be put to death.—
Clotaire, in the mean time, thought that the beft method of making Thierri keep his word was to feize on thofe places whith he had promifed to rcftore to him, before his return from the war with Theodobert. This he accordingly did ; and Thierri no fooner heard of his having done fo, than he fent him a mcffage requiringliira tq withdraw his forces, and, in cafe of his refufal, declared war. Clotaire was prepared for this ; and accordiflgly aflembicd all the forces in his dominionB, in order to give him a proper reception. But before Thierri could reach his enemies, he was feized with a ^fentery ; of which he died in the year 612, having Vivcd 26 years, and reigned 17. On the death of Thierri, Brunehaut immediately caufed his eldeft fon, named Sigijlertj then in the 10th year of his age, to be proclaimed king. It is probable that fhe intended to have gove»oed in his name vwith an abfolute fway ; but Clotaire did not give her time to difcover her intentions. Having great intelligence HI Auftrafia and Burgundy, and knowing that the nobility in both kingdoms were difaffedled to Brunehaut, he declared war againft her ; and fhe being betrayed by her generals, fell into the hands of her enemies. Clotaire gave her up to the nobles j who general hated her, and who ufed her in the moll cruel maac^r. After having led her about the camp, expofed to the infults of all who t?ad the nieannefs to infult hel-, flie was tied by the leg and arm to the tail of an untamed Snmehaut horfe, which, fetting oS at full fpeed, quickly «^a^^edP"^'^|'J^^^^^ out her brains. After this her mangled body was re-" ' daced to aflies, which were afterwards interred ia the abbey of St Martin at Autun. Thus in the year 613, Clotaire became fole monarch and quietly enjoyed his kingdom till ht«. He was fiicceededby of France death, which happened in 628. Dagobert ; who proved a great and powerful prince, and raifed the kingdom of France to a high degree of fplendor. Dagobert wa« fucceeded by his fons Sigebert and C^;vis ; the former of whom had the kingdom of Auilrafia, and the latter that of Burgundy. Both the kings were minors at the time of tlitir acceflion to the throne, vrhich gave an opportunity to the mayors of the palace (the higheft officers under the crown) to ufurp the whole authority. Sigcbert died in 640, af- ter a fhort reign of one year ; leaving behind him aa infant fon named Dagobert^ whom he ftrongly recom-- mended to the care of Grimoalde his mayor of the palace. The minifter caufed Dagobert to be immediately proclaimed king, but did not long fufFer him to eHf joy that honour, fie had not the cruelty, however,, to put him to death ; but fent him to a monaftery ia one of the Weftern iflaads of Scotland ; and then, giving out that he was dead, advanced his own fon ChiL- debert to the throne. Childebert was expelled by Clovis king of Burgundy; who placed on the throne Childtric, the fecond fon of Sigebert. Clovia died foon after the revolution, and was fucceeded in his dominions by his fon Clotaire ; who died in a fhort time, without ifliie. He was fucceeded by his brothet Childeric j who, after a ftiort reign, was murdered with his queen, at that time big with child;, and aa infant fon named Dagobet^ ; though another^ named Dcm'telt had the good luck to efcape.
The affiiirs of the French w*re now in th< moft de- Miferable plorable fitiiatron. The princes of the Merovingian f'tuai^'on race had been for fome time entirely deprived of their P"^""* power by their officers called mayors af the palace. In Auftrafia the adminiftration had been totally Cngrofled by Pepin and his fon Grimaulde ; while Archambaud and Kbroin did the faatie ia Neuftrfa and Burgimdyi.
On the reunion 6f Neuftria and Burgundy to the reit of the French dominions, this minifter ruled with fuch a defpotic fway, that the nobility of Auftralia were provoked to a revolt ; elefting for their dukes two chiefs named Martin and Fepm. The forces of the confederates, however, were defeated by Ebroin ; and Martin having furrcndered on a promife of fafety, wa* treaeheroufly put to death. Pepin loft no time in re- cruiting his (battered forces ; but before he liad any occafion to try his fortune a fecond time in the field of battle, the affaffination of Ebroin delivered him from all apprehenfions from that quarter. After his d^ath Pepin carried every thing before him, overthrew the royal; army under the command of the new minifter Bertaire and, having got poffefEon of the capital, caufed himfelf to be declared mayor of the palace ; in which fta- tion he continued to govern with an abfolute fway du*ring the remainder of his hfe. Pepin (who had got the furname of Heriftal front hishk palace pn the Meufe) died in the year 714, havin^^ to reiift. enjoyed unlimited power for 26 years. He appointed his grandfon Theudobalde, then only fix years of age, to fucceed him in his poft of mayor of the palace. I'his happened during the reign of Dagobert already mentioned ; but this prince had too much fpirit to fuffcr himfelf to be deprived of his authority by an infant. The adherents of the young mayor were defeated in 41 battle, and this defeat was foon followed by his death, xploits of Charles, however, the illegitimate fon of Pepin, was now raifed to the dignity of duke by the Auftrafians, and by his great qualities feemed every way worthy of that honour. The murder of Dagobert freed him from a powerful opponent ; and the young king Chilperic, who after Dagobert's death was brought from a cloy fter to the throne, could by no means cope withfuch an experienced antagonift. On the 19th of March 717, Charles had the good fortune to furprife thetoyal camp as he paffed through the foreft of Arden ; and foon after a battle enfued, in which the king's for- ces were entirely defeated. On this Chilperic entered into an alliance with Eudes duke of Aquitaine, whofe friendfhip he purchafed by the final ceflion of all the country which Eudes had felzed for himfelf. Chatles, however, having placed on the throne another of the royal family named Cktaire, advanced againft Chilperip and his afTociate, whom he entirely defeated near Soif- fons. After this difafter, Eudes, defpairing of fuccefs, delivered up Chilperic into the hands of his antagoaift; lifter having ftipulated for himfelf the fame terms which had been formerly granted him by the captive monarch. Charles now advanced to the fumrait of power, treat- ed Chilperic with great refpeft ; and, on the death of Clotaire, caufed him to be proclaimed king of Auftrafia ; by which, however, his own power was not in the icaft diminifhed : and from t^is time the authority of the kings of France became merely nominal ; and fo inactive and indolent were they accounted, that hifto- rians have beftowed upon them the epithet of fa'means^ i. ev " lazy or idle." Charles, however, had ftill one competitor to contend with. This was Rainfroy, who had been appointed mayor of the palace 5 and who made fuch a vigorous refiftance, that Charles was obli- ged to allow him the peaceable pofTtflion of the country of Anjou. No fooner, however, had Charles thus fet himfelf at liberty from domellic enemies, than he was threatened with deftruftion from foreign nations. The Suevians, Trlfons, and Alemanni, were fucceffively en- countered and defeated. Eudes alfo, who had perfi- dioufly broken the treaties to which he had bound himfelf, was twice repulfed ; after which Charles invaded Aquitain, and obliged the treacherous duke to heark- en to reafon. This was fcarce accomphfticd, when he found himfelf engaged with a more formidable enemy than any he had yet encountered. The Saracens, ha- ving over- run great part of Afia, now turned their vic- torious arms weftward, and threatened Europe with total fubjeftion. Spain had already received the yoke ; and having paffed the Pyrenees, they nejct invaded France, appearing in vail numbers under the walls of Thouloufe. Jiere they were encountered and defeated by Eudes j but this proved only a partial check. The barbarians pnce more pa.ffing the Pyrenees, entered France with fuch a powerful aimy, that Eudes was no longer able. He encountered them indeed with his acculloraed valour ; but being forced to yield to fuperior power, he folicited the proteftion and alTiftance of Charles. On this occafion the latter, on account of his valour and perfonal iirength, acquired the name of MarteU i e. " the hammer," alluding to the violence of the ftroke* he beftowed'on his enemies*. Three hundred and *. Sce^-^»-«- feventy-five thoufand of the Infidels, among whom was " the commander Abderahman himfelf, are faid to hav perifhed in the battle; notwithftanding which they foon made another irruptibn : but in this they were attend- ed with no better fuccefs, being again defeated by Charles ; wlio by fo mqny viftories eftablifhed his power on the moft folid foundation. Having again defeated * the Frifons, and with his own hand killed their duke, he affumed the fovereignty of the dominions of Eudes after his deceafe, refer ving to himfelf the claim of ho- mage, which he ought to have yielded to Thierri his lawful fovereign. At laft his fame grew fo great, that he was chpfen by pope Gregory III. for his proteftor.
He offered to ftiake off the yoke of the Greek emperor, and to inveft Charles with the dignity of Roman conful ; fending him at the fame time the keys of the tomb of St Peter ; but while this negociation was going on fuccefsfuUy, the pope, the emperor, and Charles ^% Martel himfelf died. After Ms death, which happen- France di- ed in the year 741, his dominions were divided among vided a- his three fons, Carloman, Pepin, and Gn'ppon, accord- 1^°"^^£'** ing to the difpofition he had made in his life-time. By Charles, this Carloman, the eldeft, had Auftrafia ; Pepin, the fe- cond, Neuilria and Burgundy ; while Grippon, the third, had only fome lands affigned him in France; by
which he was fo much difpleafed, that the tranquillity of the empire was foon diftuibed. With the afliftaHce of his mother Sonnechildc he feized on the city of Laon, where he endured a violent fiege. In the end, however, he was obliged to fubmlt; Sonnechilde was put into a monaftery, and Grippon imprifoned in acaPJe at Arden. The two brothers, having thus freed themfelves from their domeftic enemy, continued to govern the empire with uninterrupted harmony; but their tranquillity was fo©n difturbed by the intrigues of Sonnechilde. That enterprifirtg and ambitious woman had negociated a marriage between Odilon duke of Bavaria and Hiltrud* the fitter of the two princes.
This was no fooner accomplifhed than Odilon, inftiga- ted by Sonnechilde, and alarmed at the growing power of the two princes, entered into an alliance with Theodobald duke of the Alemanni and Theodoric duke of the Saxons ; who having affembled a formidable army, advanced diredly againft the princes. They pofted themfelves in an advant^geous manner, with the river Lech in their front ; but Carloman and Pepin, paffing the river at different fords in the night-time, attacked the camp of the allies with great vigour. The engage- ment continued doubtful for five hours ; but at laft the entrenchments were forced on all fides, the Bavarian! and Saxons entirely routed, and the vanquifhed duke» obliged to fubmit to the clemency of the viAors. During their abfence on this expedition, Hunalde, whom Charles Martel had appointed duke of Aquitain, ha- ving hkewife entered into a confederacy with Odilon, paffed the Loire, ravaged the open country, and burnt the magnificent cathedral of the city of Chartres. The two princes, however, having returned with their vic- tonous France, torlous army, Hunalde found himfelf obliged to retreat : and even this availed him but little ; for the Franks entering the duchy of Aquitain, committed fuch devaftations, that Hunalde in defpair refigned his dominions to his fon, and retired into a convent. This event was foon followed by a fimilar refignation ofCarloman, notwithftanding the uninterrupted fuccefs he had met with. He fuddenly took the refolution of retiring into a convent, and perfifted in hisdefign, notwithftand- ing the intreaties of Pepin, who, to appearance atleaft, did all he could to difiTuade him.
Pepin be- By the refignation of Carloman, which happened in comes fole the year 746, Pepin was left fole maiter of France ; Sic^kf ^"'^ ^" exalted ftation he acquitted himfelf in fuch dom. 3 manner as has juftly rendered his name famous to pofterity. One of the firft adls of his new adminiftration was to releafe his brother Grippon from prifon : but that treacherous prince had no fooner regained his li- berty, than he again excited the Saxons to take up arms. His enterprife, however, proved unfuccefsful ; the Saxons were defeated, their duke Theodoric taken, and his fubje6ts obliged to fubmit to the will of the conqueror ; who upon this occafion caufed them make a profeflion of the Chrillian religion. Grippon then £ed to Hiltrude, his half- filler, whofe hufband Odilon was now dead, and had left an infant fon named Tqlon. He met with a favourable reception from her ; but, with his ufual treachery, feized both her and her fon by the afliftance of an army of malcontent Franks, whom he had perfuaded to join him. His next ftep was to afTume the fovereignty and title of duke of Bavaria ; but being driven from the throne by Pepin, he was obliged to implore his clemency, which was once more granted. All thcfe misfortunes, however, were not yet fufficient to cure Grippon of his turbulence and ambition: He once more endeavoured to excite dif- turbances in the court of Pepin ; but being finally dctedled and baffled, he was obliged to take refuge in A44 quitain.
Affutnes Pepin having now fubdued all his foes both foreign the title of and domeflic, began to think of alTuming the title of ^^'^o' h'tngf after having fo long enjoyed the regal power. His wifhes in this refpeft were quite agreeable to thofe of the nation in general. The nobility, however, were bound by an oath of allegiance to Childeric the nominal monarch at that time ; and this oath could not bedifpenfed with but by the authority of the pope. Ambafiadors for this purpofe were therefore difpatched both from Pepin and the nobility to pope Zachary, the reigning pontiff. His hoHnefs replied, that it was lawful to transfer the regal dignity from hands incapable of maintaining it to thofe who had fo fuccefsfuUy preferved it j and that the nation might unite in the fame perfon the authority and title of king. On this the unfortunate Childeric was degraded from his dignity,
fhaved, and confined in a monaftery for life ; Pepin af- fumed the title of king of France, and the line of Clovis was finally fet afide. This revolution took place in the year 75 1. The at- tention of the new monarch was firft claimed by a revolt of the Saxons ; but they were foon reduced to fubjeftion, and obliged to pay an additional tribute : and daring his expedition againft them, the king had the fatisfadion of getting rid of his reftlefs and trea- cherous competitor Grippon. This turbulent prince, having foon become weary of refiding at the court of Aquitain, determined to efcape from thence, and put himfelf under the proteftion of Aftolphus king of the Lombards ; but he was killed in attempting to force a pafs on the confines of Italy. Pepin in the mean time continued to pufh his good fortune. The fubmifiion of the Saxons was foon followed by the redudlion of Brittany ; and that by the recovery of Narbonne fi'ora the Infidels. His next exploit was the proteftion of pope Stephen HI. againft Aftolphus the king of the Lombards, who had feized on the exarchate of Ravenna, and infifted on being acknowledged king of Rome. The pope, unable to contend with fuch a powerful rival, hafted to crofs the Alps and implore the protedlion of Pepin, who received him with ail the refpecl due to his charafter. He was lodged in the abbey of St Dennis, and attended by the king in perfon during a dangerous ficknefs with which he was feized. On his recovery Stephen folemnly placed the diadem on the head of his benefaftor, beftowed the regal unflion on his fons Charles and Carloman, and conferred on the three princes the title ofpatrician of Rome. In return for thefe honours Pepin accompanied the pontiff into Italy at the head of a powerful army. Aftolphus, unable to withftand fuch a powerful anlagonift, fhut himfelf up in Pavia, where he was clofely befieged by the Franks, and obliged to renounce all pretenfions to the fovereignty of Rome, as well as to reftore the city and exarchate of Ravenna, and' fwear to the obfei-vance of the treaty. No fooner was Pepin gone, however, than Aftolphus broke the treaty he had juft ratified with fuch folemnity. The pope was again reduced to diftrefs, and again applied to Pepin. He now fent him a pompous epiftle in the ftyle and character of St Peter himfelf ; which fo much ih- flamed the xeal of Pepin, that he inftantly fet out for Italy, and compelled Aftolphus a fecond time to fub- mit to his terms, which were now rendered more fe- vere by the impofition of an annual tribute- Pepin next made a tour to Rome ; but finding that his pre- fence there gave great uneafinefs both to the Greeks and to the pope himfelf, he thought proper to finifti his vifit in a ihort time. Soon after his return Aftol- phus died, and his dominions were ufurped by his general Didi«r J who, however, obtained the papal fanction fur what he had done, and was recognifed as lawful fovereign of the Lombards in the year 756. Pepin returned to PVance in triumph; but the peace of his dominions was foon difturbed by the revolt of the Saxons, who always bore the French yoke with the utmoft impatience. Their prefent attempts, however, proved equally unfuccefsful with thofe they had formerly made ; being obliged to fubmit and purchafetheir pardon not only by a renewal of their tribute, but by an additional fupply of 300 horfe. But while the king was abfeut on this expedition, Vaifar duke oF Aquitain took the opportunity of ravaging Burgundyj where he carried his devaftations as far as Chalons. Pepin foon returned, and entering the dominions of Vaifar, committed fimilar devaftations, and would probably have reduced the whole territory of Aquitain, had he not been interrupted by the hoftile preparations of his nephew Taflilon the duke of Bavaria. The king, however, contented himfelf at prefent with fecuring his frontiers by a chain of pofts, againft any
25 Death of Pepin.
Succeeded
I'nvafion; after which he refumed his entcrprlfe on the dominions of Vaifar. The latter at firft attempted to impede the progrefs of his antagonift by burning and laying wafte the country; but finding this to no purpofe, he determined to try his fortune in an engage- ment. Viftory declared in favour of Pepin ; but he refufed to grant a peace upon any terms. The French monarch advanced to the banks of the Garonne ; while Vaifar was abandoned by his ally the duke of Bavaria, and even by his own fubjefts. In this diltrefs he retired with a band of faithful followers into the country of Saintonge, where he defended himfjf as long as poffible, but was at laft deprived both of his crown and life by the viftor. Thus the duchy of Aquitain was once more annex- ed to the crowm of France ; but Pepin had fcarce time to indulge hinifelf with a view of his new conqueft when he was feized with a flow fever, which put an end to his Hfe in the year 768, the 54th of his age, and 17th of his reign. He was of a fhort ftature, whence he had the furnarae of Le Bref^ or the Short; but his great aftions juftly intitled him to the character of an hero ; though under the fucceeding reign his own fame feemed to have been entirely forgot, and on his tomb was only infcribed, " Here lies the father of Charlemagne."
Pepin was fucceeded in his authority by his two by his two f^ns Charles and Cailoman ; to whom with his dying foas. breath he bequeathed his dominions. They continued to reign jointly for forae time ; but the aftive and enterprifing fpirit of Charles gave fuch umbrage to the weak and jealous Carloman, that he regarded him with envy, and was on the point of coming to an open rupture with him, when he himfclf was taken off by death, and thus the tranquillity of the empire waspreferved. The firft military enterprise of Charles was againft Hunalde, the old duke of Aquitain ; who leaving the monaftery where he had refided upwards of 20 years, affumed the royal title, and was joyfully received by his fubjeSs, already weary of the French yoke.
Charles took the field with the utmoft expeditio*i, and with difficulty prevailed upon his brother Carloman, who was then alive, to join him with his forces. But the junftion was fcarce efFedled, when Carloman with- drew his forces again, and left his brother to carry on the war in the beft manner he could. Charles, though thus deferted, did not hefitate at engaging the enemy; and having overthrown them in a great battle, Hunalde was obliged to fly to the territories of Lupus duke of Gafcony. Charles quickly fent an embaffy de- manding the fugitive prince ; and Lupus, not daring to difobey the orders of fuch a powerful monarch, yielded up the unfortunate Hunalde, who wasinllantly caft into prifon, from which, however, he after- wards made his efcape. a7 Reign of (Jharles the 77 1, left Charles fole mafter of France; but the revolt Great- of the Saxons involved him in a feries of wars from which he did not extricate himfelf for 33 years. Thefe had long been tributaries to the French, but frequent revolted ; and now, when freed from the terror of Pepin's arms, thought they had a right to ihake off the yoke altogether. Charles entered their country with 3 powerful army; and having defeated them in a number of fmall engagements, advanced towards EreflDOurg near Paderborn, where they had their capital poft, and where was the image of their god Irminful, reprefent- ed as a man completely armed, and ftanding on a co- lumn. The Saxons made an obftinate defence, but were at laft obliged to fubmit ; and Charles employed his army three days in demoliOiing the monuments of idolatry in this place ; which fo much difheartened the whole nation, that for the prefent they fubmitted to fuch terms as he pleafed to impofe ; and which were rendered eafier than they probably would have been, by the ntws which Charles now received from Italy.
He had concluded a marriage with the daughter of Didier king of the Lombards ; but this had been dif- folved by the Pope, who reproached the Lombards with the firft ftain of the leprofy. Thus all friendfhip was diffolved betwixt Didier and Charles; and as the Lombard monarchs feem to have had a kind of natural enmity towards the popes, it is not furprifing that it fhould now break out with uncommon fury. Didier having feized and frighted to death Pope Stephen IV^ufed his utmoft endeavours to reduce his fuccefTor Adrian T. to a ftate of entire dependance on himfelf.- Adrian applied to the French monarch, the ufual re- fource of the pontiffs in thofe days. Charles was very willing to grant the neceifary affiftance, but the nobility were averfe to an Italian war; fo that he was obli- ged to aft with great circumfpedlion. Several embaffies were therefore fent to Didier, entreating him to reftore to the pope thofe places which he had taken from; him, and at laft even offering him a large fum of mone3r if he would do fo ; but this propofal being rejefted, he obtained the confent of his nobihty to make war on the Lombards. Didier difpofed his troops in fuch a manner, that the officers of Charles are faid to have been unanimoufly of opinion that it would be impoffible to force a paffage. This, however, was accompliflied, either through the fuperior llcill of Charles,, according to fome hiftorians, or a panic which feized- the Lombard foldiers, according to others ; after which,. Didier, with the old duke of Aquitain, who had efca- ped from his prifon, and taken refuge at his courts (hut themfelves up in Pavia. Adalgife, the only foi> of the Lombard monarch, with the widow and chil- dren of Carloman, fled to Verona. That city was immediately inverted by the conqueror, and in a fliorf time obliged to fubmit. Adalgife had the good lucic to efcape to Conftantinople, but we are not informed- what became of Carloman's widow and children. Charles, after paying a fliort vifit to Rome, returned to the fiege of Pavia. The place was vigoroufly defended, until famine and pt ftilence obliged the inhabi-' tants to implore the clemency of Charles. Hunaldefell a facrifice to his own obttinacy in oppofing the intention of the people; Didier was taken prifoner and carried into France ; but we are not informed of his France.
The death of Carloman, which happened in the year* fate afterwards. His kingdom, however, was totally^ diffolved, and Charles was crowned king of Lombardy. at Milan in the year 774. Having received the oaths of allegiance from his new fubjefts, Charles fet out for Saxony, the inhabitants of which had again revolted, and recovered Eref- bourg their capital. The king loon recovered this, important poft ; but a detachment of his army being- cut off, and new troubles arifxng in Italy, he was oblir ged.
France gej to accqit of the propofals of the Saxons, tlvnigli» their fincerity was very doubtful. Having therefore only Ibengthened the fortiiications of Erefbourg, and left a fufficient garrifon in the place, he fct out for Italy, which was all in commotion through the in- trigues of the emperor of the Eaft, and Adalgife the fon of Didier. The prefence of Charles reftored traa- quilhty in that quarter ; but in the naean time, the Saxons having taken Erefbourg and deftroyed the fortifications, threatened to annihilate the French power in that quarter. On the king's return, he found them employed in the fiege of Sigebourg. His fudden arrival ftruck the barbarians with fuch terror, that they inftantly faed for peace ; which the king once more granted, but took care to fecure their obedience by a chain of forts along the river Lippe, and repairing the fortifications of Erefbourg. An affembly of the Saxon chiefs was held at Padtrborn; and a promife was made, tbat the nation fhould embrace the Chrillian rehgion: after which the king fct out on an expedition to Spain in the year 778. This new enterprife was Undertaken at the rcqueft of Ibunala, the Moorifli fovereign of SaragofFa, who had been driven from his territory. He was reftored, however, by the prowefs of Charles, who reduced the cities of Pampluna and SaragofFa. He reduced alfo the city of Barcelona, and the kingdoms of Navarre and Arragon ; but on his return, he met with a fe- vere check from the Gafcons, who attacked and defeated the rear-guard of his army with great flaughter as they pafled the Pyrcncan mountains. This engage- ment, which feems to imply fome defe^ in the pru- dence or military Ikill of Charles, has been much cele- brated among romance writers, on account of the death of Roland a famous warrior. Next year, 779, he paid a vifit to Italy with his two fons Carloman and Louis. Having pafled the winter at Pavia, he entered Rome next fpring amidfl the ac- clamations of the inhabitants. Here, in the 39th year of his age, he divided his dominions in prefence of the pope betwixt his two fons Carloman and Louis. The former, who now took the name of Pepin, had Lombardy ; the latter Aquitain. Having then received th^ fubmifTion of Taflilon duke of Bavaria, he fet out for Saxony, where he took a mofl fevere revenge on the people of that country for the many treacheries they had been guilty of. The prefent revolt was chiefly owing to a chief named Witikind, who had twice before fled ftom the viftorious arms of Charles, and taken refuge at the court of Denmark. Returning from thence in the king's abfence, he roufed his countrymen to aftlon, wlille the generals of Charles,
difagreeing among themfelves, negledled to take the proper methods for repelling the enemy. In confe- quence of this, they were entirely defeated on the banks ef the Wcfer in the year 782. Charles arrived in time to prevent the total deflruiSlIon of his people, and diredly penetrated into the heart of the country.
Witikind, unable to refill his antagonift, once more fled into Denmark; but 450x5 of his followers periihed at once by the hands of the executioner. An univerfal infurre<ftion was the confequence of this unheard-of cruelty ; and though during three years the French monarch was conftantly fuccefsful in the field, lie found it iropoffible by any force whatever to fdbdue the 5fpirit of the people. At laft therefore he was obliged Franc«» to have recourfe to negociatiom Witikind and feve- ml other chiefs were invited to an interview ; where Charles reprefented to them in fuch flrong colours the ruin which mufl neceffarily enfue to their country by perfifling obflinately in oppofition to him, that they were induced not only to perfuade their countrymen finally to fubmit, but to embrace the Chriftian ic- iigion. Charles having thus brought his afFaiiK in Saxony to an happy conclufion, turned his arms againft Tafli- lon duke of Bavaria, who had underhand fupported th6 Saxons in their revolt. Having entered his cou n- try with a powerful army in the year 787, he mat?« fuch rapid advances, that the total deftruAion of Taffilon feemed inevitable. Charles had advanced as far as the river Lech, when TalTiIon privately entered his camp, and threw himftlf at his feet. The king had compafTion on his faithlefs kinfman on feeing him is this abjtdt pofture ; but no fooner did tire traitor find himfelf at liberty, than he ftirred up the Huang, the Greek emperor, and the fugitive Adalgife, againlt the king. He fomented alfo the difcontents of the fac- tious nobles of Aquitain and Lombardy ; but his fubjetfts, fearing leafl thefe intrigues fhould involve them in deflru£tion, made a difcovery of the whole to Charles. Taflilon, ignorant of this, entered the diet at Ingelheim, not fufpeAing any danger, but was in- ftantly arretted by order of the French monarch'. Being brought to a trial, the proofs of his guilt were fo apparent, that he was condemned to lofe his head: the punifhment, however, was afterwards mitigated to perpetual confinement in a monaflery, and the duchy of Bavaria was annexed to the dominions of Charles. The Hunns and other enemies of the French monarch continued to profecute their enterprifes without regarding the fate of tht*r affociate TaiTilon. Their attempts, however, only ferved to enhance the fame of Charles. He defeated the Hunns in Bavaria, and the Greek emperor in Italy ; obliging the latter to renounce for ever the fortune of Adiilgife. The Hunns, not difheartened by their defeat, continuing to infefl the French dominions, Charles entered their country at the head of a formidable army; and having forced their entrenchments, peneti-ated as far as Raal on the Danube, but was compelled by an epidemic diftemper to retire before he had finifhed his eonqueft.
He was no fooner returned to his own dominions, than hiC had the mortification to be informed, that his eldeft fon Pepin had confpired againlt his fovereignty and life. The plot was difcovered by a prieft who had accidentally fallen adeep in a chuich where the confpirators were afTembled. Being awakened by their voices, he overheard them confulting on the pr-oper raeafures for completing their purpofe ; on which he • inftantly fet out for the palace, and fummoned the moaarch from his bed to inform him of the guilt of his fon. Pepin was feized, biit had his life fpared, tho' condemned to expiate his offences by fpending the re- mainder of his days in a monaftery. Charlea was no fooner freed from this danger than he was again called to arras by a revolt of the Saxons on the one hand, wrhile a formidable invafion of the Moors diftrclTed him on the other ; the Hunns at the fdOie time renewing their depredations on his dominions. nions. The king did not at prcftnt make war again ft difappointed lilm by his abfence : but thefe protefta- France, the Moors; probably forefeeing that they would be tions were not generally beheved; and the care he took ——v—calltd off by their Chriftian enemies in Spain. This to have his new title acknowledged by the eaftern emaccordingly happened ; the viftories of Alonfo the perors, evidently (bowed how fond he was of it. Chafte obliged them to leave France ; 'after which Charles, now raifed to the fupreme dignity in the Charles marched in perfon to attack the Saxons and weft, propofed to unite in himfelf the whole power of Hunns. The former confcnted again to receive the the firft Roman emperors, by marrying Irene the emChnllian religion, but were Itkewife obliged to deHver prefs of the eaft. But in this he was difappointed by up a tliird part of their army to be difpofed of at the the marriage of that princefs by Nicephorus; however, king's pleafure ; but the Hunns defended themfclves the latter acknowledged his new dignity of Auguftus, with incredible vigour. Though often defeated, their and the boundaiies of the two empires were amicably love of liberty was altogether invincible ; fo thar tlie fettled. Charles was further gratified by the refpedl •war was not terminated but by the death of the king, paid him by the great Haroun Al-Rafhid, caliph of and an almoft total deftruftion of the people : only one the Saracens, who yielded to him the facred city of tiibe could be induced to acknowledge the authority Jerufalem, and holy fepulchre there. But in the mean of tire French monarch. time his .empire was threatened with the invafion of a Thefe exploits were finifhed betwixt the years 793 very formidable enemy, whom even the power of Charles and 798 ; after which Charles invaded and fubdued the would have found it hard to refift. Thefe were the iJland of Majorca and Minorca ; which the diffenfions Normans, at this time under the government of Godof the Mooriih chiefs gave him an opportunity of frey a celebrated warrior, and who by their adventurous doing. The fatisfaftion he felt from this new con- fpirit, and flcill in maritime affairs, threatened all the qucft, however, was foon damped by the troubles which weftern coafts of Europe with defolation. From broke out in Italy. After the death of pope Adrian, motives of mutual convenience a tranfitory peace was' his nephew afpired to the papal dignity ; but a prieft eftabh'flied, and Charles made ufe of this interval to named Leo being preferred, the difappointed candi- fettle the final diftributlon of his dominions. Aquidate detci-mined on revenge. He managed matters fo tain and Gafcony, with the Spanifh march, wereaffignwell, that his defigns were concealed for four years, ed to his fon Louis ; Pepin had Italy confirmed to At laft, on the day of a proceffion, a furious affault was him ; and to this was added the greateft part of Ba- made on the perfon of Leo. The unfortunate poa- 'earia, with the country now pofTelled by the Grifons. tiff was left for dead on the ground ; but having with Charles the eldeft had Neuftria, Auftrafia, and Thudifficuity recovered, and made his efcape to the Vati- ringia. The donation was fuppofed to be rendered can, he '.vas protefted by the duke of Spokto, at that more authentic by the fanftron of the popCi Thi»ditime general of the French forces. His catife was vilion, however, had fcarce taken place, when the t^armly efpoufed by Charles, who invited him to his princes were all obHged to defend their dominions by- camp at Padcrborn in Weftphalia; whence he difpatch- force of arms. Louis and Pepin were attacked by the ed him with a numerous guard to Rome, promifing Saracens, and Charles by the Sclavonians. All thefe- fbon after to vifit that metropohs, and redrefs all grie- enemies were defeated ; but while Charles hoped to •vaac^s. His attention for the prefent, however, was fpend the (hort remainder of his Hfe in tranquillity, he eaiied by the dtfcenls of the Normans on the maritime was once more called forth to martial exertions by the" provinces of his dominioits ; fo that he was obliged to hoftile behaviour of Godfrey the Norman leader, defer ti>e promifed affiftance for fome time longer. Charles fent him a meffage of defiance, which was re- Having conftru'ttcd forts at the mouths of molt of the turueu in tlie fame ilyle by Godfrey : but the former, navigable rivers, and further provided for the defence by artfully fomenting divifions among the northern of his territorials, by inllituting a regular militia, and powers, prevented for a while the threatened danjrer • appointing proper f(|uadrons to cruife againft the in- but, thefe difturbances being quelled, the Normans revaders, he fet out for the fourth and laft time on a ncwed their depredations, and Charles was obliged tO' journey to Rome. Here he was received w'lh the face them in the field. An engagement, hov^ever, higheft poffible honours. I..eo was allowed to clear was prevented by the death of Godfrey, who was af- ^^himfelf by oath of the crimes laid to his charge by his faflinated by a private foldier; on which the Normaa enemies, while his accufrrs were fent into exile. On army retreated, and the dominions of the emperor ilili the ffcftival of Chriftmas, in the year 800, after Charles remained free from thefe invaders. Still the latter bad made his appearaiice in the cathedral of St Peter, days of Charles were embittered by domeftic misfor- and a ITifted devoutly at mafs, the pope fuddenly put a tunes. His favourite daughter Rotrud- died, as did crown on his head ; and the place inltantly refouiided alfo Pepin king df Italy ; and thefe misfortunes were with acclamations of " I^ong life to Charles the Au- foon followed by the death of his elde ft fon CharlcSi g-uft, crowned by the hand of Gok! Long life and l^e emperor then thought proper to afibciate his only vi<ftoi-y to the great and pacific emperor of the Ro- furviving fon Louis with hira in the government; mans I" His body was then confecrated and anointed which was formally done at Aix-la-Chapelle. Charles Deatlf of with royal Bn6tion ; and after being conduced to a himfelf furvived this tranfadion only a few months : his ©Partes th-e throne, he was treated with all the refpeft ufually paid death happened on the 27th of January 814; in the to the ancient CaeCars ; from this time alfo being ho- 7 ift year of his age, and 47th of his reign, noured with the title of C/jar/emagne, or Charles the By the martial atchievements of this hero, the French Extern of Great. In private converfation, however, he ufually monarchy was raifed to its utmoft pitch of fplen- h's tmitoprotefted, that he was ignorant of the pope's intention dor. He had added the province of Aquitain to the^'"* at this tiraej aqd that, had he known it,, he would have territoriea o£ his anceftors j he had confined the Inha-France, bitants of Brittany to the fliores of the ocean, and ob- ^"^ liged them to fubmit to a difgraceful tribute. He had reduced under his dominion all that part of Spain which extends from the Pyrenees to the river Ebro, and includes the kingdoms of Roufillon, Navarre, Arragon, and Catalonia. He poffefTed . Italy from the Alps to the borders of Calabria ; but the duchy of Be- neventum, including mofl. of the prefent kingdom of Naples, efcaped the yoke after a tranfitory fubmillion. Befides thefe extenfive countries, Charles added to his territories the whole of Germany and Pannonia ; fo that the French now had the jurifdlc^ion of all the country from eaft and weft, from the Ebro in Spain to the Vlftula; and from north to fouth, from the duchy of Beneventum to the river Eyder, the boundary between Germany and -the dominions of Denmark.
In acquiring thefe extenfive dominions Charles had been guilty of horrid and repeated maffacres; for which, however, he had been in fome meafure excufable by the bar- barity and rebellious difpofition of the people with whom he had to deal, upon whom no mild meafures would probably have had any effedi. His eftablifhing of fchools throughout the conquered provinces, fhowed alfo his inclination to govern his fubjefts in peace, and to take proper fteps for their civilization ; though indeed many parts of his private conduct fhowed no fmall inclination to cruelty ; particularly the fate of the fons of Carloman, of whom no account could ever be ol)tained. His advice to his fon Louis indeed was excellent ; exhorting him to confider his people as his children ; to be very mild and gentle in his admlnlftration, but firm in the execution of juftice ; to re- ward merit ; promote his nobles gradually ; choofe mlnifters deliberately, but not remove them caprlcioufly 21 or without fufiiclent reafon. All thefe prudent maxims, Decline of however, were not fufficlent to enable Louis to govern Jiis empire dominions fo extenfive, and people fo turbulent as he had to deal with. At the time of the deceafe of his father this prince was about 36 years of age, and had married Ermengarde, daughter of the count of Hefbal of the diocefe of Liege, by whom he had three fons, Lothaire, Pepin, and Louis. Lothaire, the eldeft, was aflbciated with himfelf in the empire, and the two youngeft were entrufted with the governments of Aqultain and Bavaria. Every one of the princes proved imfaithful to their father, as well as enemies to one another. The death of Ermengarde, and the marriage of the emperor with Judith a princefs of Bavaria, artful but accomplllhed, proved the firft fource of calamity to the empire. In the year 823, Charles, the emperor's youngell fon was born ; and his pretenfions became in time more fatal to the public »ranqulllity than the ambition and difobedlence of all the reft. Various parts of the Imperial dominions were like- wife aflaulted by foreign enemies. The inhabitants of Brittany and Navarre revolted ; the Moors invaded Catalohia ; while the ambition of Judith produced a war amongft the brothers themfelves.
CUvi'l *wars Charles at firft had been appointed fovereign of that iinionjj the part of Germany bounded by the rivers Danube, the f ius of Maine, the Neckar, and the Rhine ; the country of Gwtle^^ the Grifons and Burgundy, comprehending Geneva and the Swifs cantons : but this was oppofed by the three elder fons. Pepin and Louis advanced with the united forces of Aquitaine and Bavaria, while the Iraperlal forces deferted their ftandard and joined the malcontents. The emperor was taken prifoner, and the cmprefs retired to a monaftery. Lothaire, the eldeft; of the young princes, to whom the reft found themfelves obliged to fubmit, was the perfon who re- tained the emperor in his poflcffion ; but, noiwlthftand- ing his breach of duty, his heart was touched with rc- morfe on account of the crimes he had committed.
Dreading the reproach of the world at large, and being threatened with the cenfures of the church, he threw himfelf at his father's feet, and begged par- don for his guilt, confenting to relinqulfli the authority he had unjuftly ufurped. Thus Louis was reeftabllftied in his authority by the diet of the empire which had met to depofe him. His firft ft;ep was to recal his emprefs from the monaftery to which flie had retired ; but this princefs, implacable in her refent- ment, now perfecuted Lothaire to fuch a degree, that he was obliged to join his two brothers Pepin and Louis in a confederacy againft their father. The old emperor thought to check this rebellious difpofition by revoking his grant of Aqultain to Pepin, and conferring it on his youngeft; fon Charles, then only- nine years of age ; but pope Gregory IV. conferred- the Imperial dignity itfelf on Lothaire, depofing the unhappy monarch, and again fending the emprefs to a nunnery In the foreft of Arden. The unnatural behaviour of his fons, however, once more excited the compaflion of his fubjefts. Dreux, the bifhop of Mentz, ufed his intereft with Louis king of Bavaria to arm his fubjedls In defence of his father and fovereign. In this enterprlfe the Bavarian monarch was joined by the French and Saxons ; fo that the aged emperor was once more rcftored, the emprefs releafed from her nunnery, and Charles from his prifon, in the year B33. _ The ambition of Judith now fet matters once more in a flame. Taking advantage of the affeftion her hufband bore her, fhe perfuaded him to inveft her fon Charles with the foverelgnty of Neuftria as well as the dominions formerly afligned him. This was produftlve of great difcontents on the part of Lothaire and Pepin ; but their power was now too much broken to be able to accompllfti any thing by force of arms. The death of Pepin, which happened foon after, pro- duced a new "divifion of the empire. The claims of young Pepin and Charles, fons of the deceafed prince, were entirely difregarded, and his French dominions divided between the two brothers Charles and Lothaire, the latter being named guardian to his Infant nephew.
This enraged Louis of Bavaria, whofe intereft; was entirely negledied in the partition, to fuch a degree, that he aga;in revolted; but the unexpedled appearance, with the hoftile preparations of the Saxons, obliged him to fubmit and aflc pardon for his offences. Still, however, the ambition of the emprefs kept matters in a continual ferment, and the empire was again threat- ened with all the calamities of civil war ; but before thefe took place, the emperor died, in 841, after a moft unfortunate reign of 27 years. Louis was eminent for the mildnefs of his manners and peaceful virtues, which procured him the title of Le Debonnatrey or " the gentle:" but fuch was the tur- bulence and exceffive barbarity of the age In which he lived, that all his virtues, inftead of procuring him refpe(9;
fce tefpeft and efteera, were prodaftive only of contempt and rebellion from thofe whom both duty and nature ought to have rendered the moll fubraiffive and obedient. The deceafe of the emperor was followed by a civil war among his fons. The united forces of Lothaire and his nephew Pepin were defeated by thofe of Charles and Louis in a very bloody battle in the plains of Fontenoy, where 100,000 Franks periflied, in the year 842. This vI£lory, however, bloody as it was, did not decide the fortune of the war. The conquerors having, through motives of intcrell or jealoufy, retired each into their own dominions, Lothaire found means not only to recruit his {battered forces, but preffed the other two princes fo vigoroufly, that they were glad to confent to a new partition of the empire. By this Lothaire was allowed to pofTefs the whole of Italy, with the whole tract of country between the rivers Rhone and Rhine, as well as that between the Meufe and Scheld. Charles had Aquitain, with the country ly- ing betvifeen the Loire atid the Meufe ; while Louis had Bavaria, with the reit of Germany, from whence he was dillinguifhed by the appellation of Louis the ^ ^ German.
iionf f By this partition, Germany and France were difetnpire. joined in fuch a manner as never afterwards to be uni- ted under one head. That part of France which was allowed to Lothaire, was from him called Lotharingia, and now Lorrain, by a gradual corruption of the word. The fovereignty,- however, which that prince had purfued at the cxpence of every filial duty, and purchafed at fo much blood, afforded him now but little fatisfaflion. Difgufled with the cares and anxieties of his fituation, he fought relief in a monaftery in the year 855. On his retreat from the throne, he al- lotted to his eldeft fon Louis II. the fovereignty of Italy ; to his fecond fon Lothaire the territory of Lorrain, with the title of king ; and to his youngefl fon Charles, furnamed the Bald, Provence, Dauphiny, Ic. the part of kingdom of Burgundy ; fo that he may be confidered as properly the king of France. From the year 845 to 857 the provinces fubjefted to his jurifdiftion had been infefted by the annual de- predations of the Normans, from whom Charles was at lalt "fain to purchafe peace at a greater expence than might have carried on a fuccefsful war. The people of Brittany had alfo revolted ; and though obliged by the appearance of Charles himfelf^ at the head of a powerful army, to return to their allegiance, they no fooner perceived him again embarraffed by the incurfions of the Normans, than they threw off the yoke, and under the conduct of their duke Louis fubdued the neighbouring diocefe of Rennes ; after which exploit Louis afTumed the title of king, which he tranf- mitted to his fon Herifpee. By him Charles was tortally defeated ; and his fubjecls, perceiving the weaknefs of their monarch, put themfelves under the protection of Louis the German. His ambition prompted him to give a ready ear to the propofal; and theretore, taking the opportunity of Charles's abfence in repelling an invafion of the Danes, he marched with a formidable army into France, and was folemnly crowned by the archbifhop of Sens in the year 857. Being too confident of fuccefs, however, and fancying himf«lf already eflablifhed on the throne, he was perfuaded haire lis n of to difrnifs his Germstt forces ; which he had no fooner Prai-.- j. done, than Charles marched again fl him with an army, ^—^r"^ and Louis abandoned his new kingdom as eafily as he had obtained it. Notwithilanding this fucfcefs, the kingdom of Charles continued ftill in a very tottering fituation. The Nor- mans harafTed him in one quarter, and the king oF Brittany in another. He marched againft the latter in the year 860 ; but had the misfortune to receive a total defifat after an engagement which laftied two days.
The vidory was chiefly owing to a noted warrior na- med Robert le Fort, or the Strong, who commanded the Bretons ; but Charles found means to gain him over to his party by invelling him with the title of Duke of France, including the country which lies be- tween the rivers Seine and Loire. For fome time the abilities of Robert continued to fupport the tottering throne of Charles ; but his diffi- culties returned on the death of that hero, who was killed in repelling an invafion of the Danes. Some a- mends was indeed made for his lofs by the death of the king of Lorrain in the year 869 ; by which event the territories of Charles were augmented by the cities of Lyons, Vienne, Toul, Befan5on, Verdun, Cambray, Viviers, and Urez, together with the territories of Hainault, Zealand, and Holland. Cologne, Utrecht, Treves, Mentz, Strafburgh, with the refl of the territories of Lothaire, were afUgned to Louis the German.
All this time the Normans fllll continued their in- curfions to fuch a degree, that Solomon king of Brit- tany was perfuaded to join his forces to thofe of Charles, in order to repel the common enemy. The event proved unfortunate to the Normans ; for their principal leaders were befieged in Anglers, and obliged to purchafe leave to depart by relinquifhing all the fpoil they had taken. Charles thus freed from a formidable ene- my, began to afpire to the imperial crown, which a- bout this time became vacant by the death of Louis. This belonged of right to Louis the German ; but Charles, having inftantly affembled a powerful army, marched with it into Italy before Louis could be apprifed of his defigns ; and being favourably received at Rome, the Imperial crown was put upon his head without any hefitation by the Pope, in the year 873. Louis, enraged at his difappointment, difcharged his fury on the defencelefs country of Champagne ; and though the approach of Charles obliged him for the prefent to retire, yet he continued his preparations with fuch. vigour, that Charles would in all probability have found him a very formidable adverfary, had he not been taken off by death in the year 877. Charles was no fooner informed of his brother's deceafe, than he invaded the dominions of his fon Louis, who poffeffed Franconia, Thuringia, the Lower Lorraine, with fome other terri- tories in that quarter. The enterprife, however, pro- ved unfuccefsful. Charles, though fuperior in numbers, was defeated with great flaughter, and had fcarce time to reunite his fcattered forces, when he was in- formed that the Normans had invaded his territories, laid wafte part of the country, and taken poffeflion of the city of Rouen. So many difafters affeCfed him in fuch a manner that he fell dangeroufly ill, and was fcarce recovered of his ficknefs when he found himfelf called intg Italy to the alTiftance of the Pope againft 3 E the He is poi dned. Reign of France, the Saracens, whofe invafions were encouraged by the dukes of Beneventum and the Greek emperor. Charles paffed into Italy with only a few followers ; but when he came to Pavia, at which place the pontiff had ap- pointed to meet him, was informed that Carloman king of Bavaria, and fon of Louis the German, was already in Italy with a powerful army, and laid claim to the imperial title in virtue of his father's right. Charles prepared to oppofe him by force of arms ; but his generals confpired againft him, and the foldiers declared their refolution not to pafs the Alps. On this he was obliged to retire to France, at the very moment that Carloman, dreading his power, prepared to return to Germany. This was the lail of Charles's enterprifes.
His journey brought on a return of his indifpofition, which was rendered fatal through the treachery of a Jewifti phyfician named Zedechias, who adminiftered poifon to him under pretence of curing his malady. He expired in a miferable cottage upon mount Cenis in the 54th year of his age, and 38th of his reign over the kingdom of France. The ambition of Charles had been produftive of Louis the much diftrefs both ts himfelf and to his fubjefts. His Stammerer, fgjj Louis, furnamed, from a defeft in his fpeech, tie Stammerer, was oi a quite different difpofition ; but his feeble adminiliration was ill calculated to retrieve matters in their prefent fituation. He died on the icth of April 879, while on a march to fupprefs feme in- furredlions in Burgundy. He left his queen Adelaide  pregnant ; who fome time after his deceafe was deliver- ed of a fon, named Charles. After his death followed an interregnum ; during which a fa&ion was formedfor felting afide the children of Louis the Stammerer, in favour of the German princes, fons to Louis the brother of Charles the Bald. This fcheme, however, proved abortive ; and the two fons of the late king, Xiouis and Carloman, were crowned kings of France. Another kingdom was at that time erefted by an af- fembly of the ftates, namely, the kingdom of Provence, which confifted of the countries now called Lyonmis, Savoy, Dauph'iny, Franche Comte, and part of the duchy of Burgundy ; and this kingdom was given to duke Bofon, brother-in-law to Cliarles the Bald. In 8B1, both kings of France died ; Louis, as was fufpedcd, by poifon ; and Carloman of a wound he received ac- cidentally while hunting. This produced a ftcond in- terregnum ; which ended with the calling in of Charles the Grofs, emperor of Germany. His reign was more•unfortunate than that of any of his predeceffors. The Normans, to whom he had given leave to fettle in Friefland, failed up the Seine with a fleet of 700 fhips, and laid fiege to Paris. Charles, unable to force them to abandon their undertaking, prevailed on them to depart by a large fum of money. But as the king could not advance the money at cnce, he allowed them to remain in the neighbourhood of Paris dur-ing the winter ; and they in return plundered the country, thus amaffing vail wealth belides the fum which Charles had promifed. After this ignominious tranfaAion
Charles returned to Germany, in a very declining ftate ©f health both as to body and mind. Here he quarrelled with his emprefs ; and being abandoned by all bis friends, he was depofed, and reduced to fuch fttefe, that lie would not even have had bread to eat, had not he been fupplied by the archbifhop of N^entz, France, out of a principle of charity. ' ' v
" '-^ On the depofition of Charles the Grofs, Eudes count of Paris was chofen king by the nobility dm-ing the minority of Charles the fon of Adelaide, afterwards named Charles the Simple. He defeated the Normans, and reprcffed the power of the nobility ; on which ac- count a fadlicn was formed in favour of Charles, who was fent for, with his mother, from England. Eudes did not enter into a civil war ; but peaceably refigned the greateft part of the kingdom to him, and confent- ed to do homage for the reft. He died foon after this agreement, in the year 898. During the reign of Charles the Simple, the French government declined. By the introdudlion of fiefs, thofe noblemen who had got into the poffeflion of governments, having thefe confirmed to them and their heirs for ever, became in a manner independent fove- reigns : and as thefe great lords had others under them, and they in like manner had others under them, and even thefe again had their vafials ; inftead of the cafy and equal government which prevailed before, a vail number of infupportable little tyrannies were erected. The Normans, too, ravaged the country in the moft terrible manner, and defolated fome of the fineft provinces in France. At laft Charles ceded to RoUo, the king or captain of thefe barbarians, the duchy of Neuftria ; who thereupon became Chriftian, changed his own name to Robert, and that of his principality to Normandy.
During the remainder of the reign of Charles the Simple, and the entire reigns of Louis IV. Furnamed the Stranger, Lothaire, and L.ouis V. the power of the Carlovingian race continually declined ; till at laft they were fupplanted by Hugh Capet, who had been creat- F^mhy of ed duke of France by Lothaire. This revolution hap- Charles th pened in the year 987, and was brought about much Great fup-; in the fame manner as the former one had been by Pe- pj^^'j^'j^'^^ pin. He proved an adlive and prudent monarch, and pofleffed fuch other qualities as were requifite for keeping his tumultuous fubjefts in awe. He died on the 24th of Odober 997, leaving his dominions in perfeft quiet to his fon Robert. ^9: The new king inherited the good qualities of his fa- Robeit. ther. In his reign the kingdom was enlarged by the death of Henry duke of Burgundy, the king's uncle, to whom he fell heir. This new acceffion of tenitory, however, was not qbtalued without a war of feveral years continuance on account of fome pretenders to the foverelgnty of that duchy ; and had it not been for the affiftance of the duke of Normandy, it is doubtful whether the king would have fucceeded.—As Robert was of opinion, that peace and tranquillity were preferable to wide extended dominions with a precarious tenure, he refufed the kingdom of Italy and the Imperial crown of Germany, both which were offered hira. He died on the 20th of July 1030; having reigned 33 years, and lived 60. Robert was fucceeded by his eldeft fon Henry I. Henry I. who in the beginning of his reign met with great op- poCtion from his mother. She had always hated him; and preferred his younger brother Robert, in whofe fa- vour ftie now raifed an InfurreAIon. By the affiftance of Robert duke of Normandy, however, Henry over- cams came all his enemies, and eftabliflied himfelf firmly up- on the throne. In return for this, he fupported William, Robert's natural fon, and afterwards king of England, in the poflefHon of the duchy of Normandy.
Afterwards, however, growing jealous of his power, he not only fupported the pretenders to the duchy of Normandy fecretly, but invaded that country himfelf in their favour. This enterprize proved unfuccefsful, and Henry was obliged to make peace : but no fincere re- conciliation ever followed ; for the king retained a deep fenfe of the difgrace he had met with, and the" duke ne- ver forgave him for invading his dominions. The trea- ty between them, therefore, was quickly broken ; and Henry once more invaded Normandy with two armies, one commanded by himfelf, and the other by his brother. The firll was haraffed by continual flcirmifhes, and the lall totally defeated ; after which Henry was obliged to agree to fuch terms as the duke thought proper : but the rancour between them never ceafed, and was in reality the caufe of that implacable aveifion which for a long feries of years produced perpetual quarrels between the kings of France and thofe of the Norman race in England.
Henry died in 1059, not without a fufpicion of be- ing poifoned ; and was fucceeded by his eldeft fon Philip, at that time in the eighth year of his age. Bald- win earl of Flanders was appointed his guardian ; and died in the year 1066, about the time that William of Normandy became king of England. After the death of his tutor, Philip began to (how a very infincere, haughty, and oppref&ve difpofition. He engaged in a war with William the Conqueror, and fupported his fon Robert in his rebeUion againft him*. But after' the death of William, he aflitted Robert's brothers a- gaintt him ; by which means he was forced to confent to a partition of his dominions.
In 1092, kiiig Philip being wearied of his queen Bertha, procured a divorce from her under pretence of confanguinity, and afterwards demanded in marriage Emma daughter to Roger count of Calabria. The treaty of marriage was concluded ; and the princefs was fent over, richly adorned with jewels, and with a large portion in ready money : but the king, inftead of e- fpoufing her, retained her fortune, and difmifled the princefs herfelf, carrying off from her hufband the countefs of Anjou, who was efteemed the handfomell wo- man in France. With her he was fo deeply enamoured, that not fatisfied with the illegal polfeffion of her perfon, he procured a divorce between her and her huf- band, and prevailed upon forae Norman bifhops to fo- lemnize his own marriage with her. The whole of thefe tranfaAions, however, were fo fcandalous, that the pope having caufed them to be revifed in a council at Autun, in the year 1094, pronounced fentence of excommunication againft Phihp in cafe he did not part with the countefs. On his repentance, the cenfure w as taken off ; but as the king paid no regard to his promifes, he was, In 1095, excommunicated a fe- cond time. He again profeffed repentance, and was abfolved ; but foon after, living with the countefs of Anjou as formerly, he was excommunicated a third time. This conduft, fo unworthy of a prince, expofed him to the contempt of the people. Too many of the nobility followed his example, and at the fame time defplfed his authority ; not only making war upon each other, but fpoiling and robbing his fubjefts Ffancs. with impunity. V ' ^ In the year 1 1 10, Phihp prevailed on the court of Rome to have his affair reviewed in an affembly at PoiAIers ; where, notwithftanding his utmofl effortSj fentence of excommvmication was a fourth time pro- nounced againft him. Yet, in fpite of all thefe fen- tences, as queen Bertha was dead, and the count of Anjou offered, for a large fum of money, to give whatever afllflance was requifite for procuring a dif- penfation, Philip at laft prevailed, and the countefs was proclaimed queen of France. But though the king's domeftic affairs were now in fome meafure quieted, his negligence in government had thrown the affairs of the nation into the greateft diforder. He therefore affociated with him in the government his eldeft fon Louis. This prince was the very reverfc of his fa- ther ; and by his aftivity and refolution, keeping conflantly in the field with a confiderable body of forces, he reduced the rebellious nobility to fubje£lion, and, according to the beft hiftorians, at this time faved the ftate from being utterly fubverted. For thefe fervices the queen looked upon the young prince Vvith fo jealous an eye, and gave him fo much difturbance, that he found it neceffary to retire for fome time into England ; where he was received by king Henry I. with the greateft kindnefs. He had not been long at court, before Henry received, by an exprefs, a letter from Philip ; telling him, that, for certain important reafons, he fhould be glad if he clofely confined his fon, or even difpatched him altogether. The king of England, however, inftead of complying with this infamous requeft, fhowcd the letter to Louis, and fent him home with all imaginable marks of refpeft. Immediately on . his return, he demanded juftice ; but the queen procured poifon to be given him, which o- perated fo violently that his life was defpaired of. A ftranger, however, undertook the cure, and fucceeded; only a palenefs remained in the prince's face ever af- terwards, though he grew fo fat that he was furnamed the Grofs. On his recovery, the prince was on the point of re- venging his quarrel by force of arms ; but his father having caufed the queen to make the moft humble fubmilTions to him, his refentment was at length appeafed, and a perfeA reconciliation took place.
Nothing memorable happened in the reign of king LQ„|^*jjjg Philip after this reconciliation. He died in the yearGrcft. 1 108, and was fucceeded by his fon Louis the Grofs. The firft years of his reign were dillurbed by infur- reftions of his lords in different places of the kingdom ; and thefe Infurredlions were the more troublc- fome, as they were fecretly fomented by Henry I. of England, that, by weakening the power of France his duchy of Normandy might be the more fecure. This quickly brought on a war ; in which Henry- was defeated, and his fon Wilham obliged to do ho- mage to Louis for the duchy of Normandy. As the kings of England and France, however, were rivals, and exceedingly jealous of each other, the latter e- fpoufed the caufe of William the fon of Robert duke of Normandy, whom Henry had unjuftly deprived of that duchy. This brought on a new war ; in which Louis, receiving a great defeat from Henry, was obliged to make peace upon fuch terms as his antagonift thought proper.
Loui' VII. a weak Philip the Great. proper. The tranquillity, however, was but of fliort duration. Louis renewed his intrigues in favour of William, and endeavoured to fornr a confederacy a- gainft Henry ; but the latter found means not only to diflipate this confederacy, but to prevail upon Henry V. emperor of Germany to invade France with the whole ftrength of the empire an one fide, while he prepared to attack it on the other. But Louis ha- ving collefted an army of 200,000 men, both of them thought proper to defift. Upon this the king of France would have marched into Normandy, in order to put William in poflelTion of that duchy. His great vaflals, however, told him they would do no fiich thing ; that they had afiembled in order to defend the territories of France from the iuvafion of a foreign prince, and not to enlart^e his power by deltroying that balance which arofe from the king of England's polfeffion of Normandy, and which they reckoned neceflary for their own faftty. This was follewed by a peace with Henry ; which, as both monarchs had now feen the extent of each other's power, was made on pretty equal terms, and kept during the life of Louis, who died in 11 37, leaving the kingdom to his fon Louis vn. The young king was not endowed with any of thofe qualities which conftitute a great monarch. From the fuperftition common to the age in which he lived, he undertook an expedition into the Holy Land, from whence he returned without glory. In this expedition he took his queen Eleanor along with him ; but was fo much offended with her gallantries during her flay there, as well as her behaviour afterwards, tliat he di- vorced her, and returned the duchy of Guienne which he received with her as a portion. Six weeks after this fhe married Henry duke of Normandy, count of Anjou and Maine, and heir-apparent to the crown of England. This marriage was a very great mortifica- tion to Louis ; and procured him the firname of the Toung, on account of the folly of his condudl. When Henry afcended the throne of England, fome wars were carried on between him and Louis, with little advantage on either fide : at laft, however, a perfe£l reconciliation took place ; and Louis took a voyage to England, in order to vifit the fhrine of St Thomas of Canterbury. On his return he was flruck with an apoplexy ; and though he recovered for that time, yet he continued ever after paralytic on the right fide. After having languifhed for about a year under this malady, he died on the iSth of September 11 80, leaving the kingdom to his fon Philip.
This prince, furnamed The Gift of God, The Magnan'mnus, and The Conqueror, during his lifetime ; and, as if all thefe titles had fallen fhort of his merit, flyled Augujlus after his death,—is reckoned one of the greateft princes that ever fat on the throne of France, or any other.—It doth not, however, appear that thefe titles were altogether well founded. In the beginning of his reign he was oppofed by a ftrong fa6lion excited by his mother. Them indeed he repreffed with a vi- gour and fpirit which did him honour ; but his taking part with the children of Henry II. of England in their unnatural contefts with their father, and his treacherous combination with John to feize his brother's kingdom when he was detained in prifon by the emperor of Germany, muft be indelible ftains in his
character, and for ever exclude htm from thf^ title of France. Magnanimous. As to military flcill and perfonal valour, he was evidently inferior to Richard I. of England ; nor can his recovering of the provinces held by the Englifh in France, from fuch a mean and daflardly prince as king John, intitle him witli any jufllce to the furname of Conqueror. In politics lie was evidently the dupe of the Pope, who made ufe of him to inti- midate John into a fubmiflion, by promifing him the kingdom of England, which he never meant that he ihould enjoy. An account of thefe tranfadlions, which are the principal ones of this reign, is given under the article England, n° 121 14 t. Flilllp died in 1223, and was fucceeded by his r^; '^/of Louis VIII. and he, in 1226, by Louis IX. afterwards 1,0ms IX» flyled St Louis, This prince was certainly poffcfTcd of many good qualities, but deeply tinctured with the fuperftition of the times. This Induced him to en- gage in two croifades. The firit was again ft the Saracens in Egypt : in which he was taken prifoner by the Infidels, and treated with great cruelty ; but at lafl obtained his ranfom, on condition of pay lug a million of pieces of gold, and furrcndering the city of Damietta. He no fooner regained his liberty, than he entered Syria with a view of doing fumething worthy of his rank and charadler. From this expedition he was obliged to return fooner than he intended, by the news of the deceafe of his mother queen Blanch, whom he had appointed regent In his abfence, and who had managed the national affairs with the greatefl prudence. The king, however, found many diforders in the kingdom upon his return ; and thefe he fct himfelf to reform with the utmoll diligence. Having fucceeded in this, he yielded to Henry III. of England, the Limoufin, Q^uerci, Perlgord, and fome other places J in confideration of Henry and his fon prince Edward their renouncing, In the fulleft manner, all pretenfions to Normandy and the other provinces of France which the Engllfli had formerly pofTeffed. The reputation of this monarch for candour and juftlce was fo great, that the barons of England, as well as king Henry III. confented to make him umpire of the differences which fubfifled between them. But though he decided this matter very jnftly, his decifion was not produftive of any good eff'ett. At lafl the king, having fettled every thing relating to his kingdom In a proper manner,, fet out on another croifade for Africa; where he died of the. plague, on the 25ch of Auguft 1270. Notwithflanding the misfortunes of Louis, his fuc- Phllf/tlie« cefTor Philip, furnamed the Hardy, continued the war Hardy,, againfl the Infidels with great vigour. Being rein- forced by his uncle Charles king of Sicily, he brought the war to a more fortunate conclufion than his prede^ ceffor had been likely to do. The Saracens were de»feated in two engagements, and the king of Tunis obliged to fue for peace ; offering at the fame time to double the tribute he formerly paid to the crown of Sicily ; to reimburfe the expences of the war ; and to permit the Chriltian religion to be freely propagated throughout his dominions. Having accomplifhed this, the two princes fet fail for Europe ; but the feeds of the difttmper which had infeded the army in Africa not being eradicated, broke forth on their arrival ia Sicily, and raged for fome time with great violencsu Befidcs Befides a rrifl number of common people, tKe king's brother John, his queen Ifabella, with hie brother and fifter-in-law the king and queen of Navarre, and his uncle and aunt the count and countefs of Poiftiers, perilhed by this dreadful malady.
On his return to France, Philip took pofTeflion of the counties of Provence and Thouloufe ; married his fe- Gond fon, though then very young, to the only daughter of the king of Navarre ; while he himfclf efpoufed Mary the daughter of the duke of Brabant, reckoned one of the moft beautiful princeiTes of the age. He lleadily enforced the regulations of his predeceffor, who had prohibited the barons from making private wars upon one another ; procured the fritndiliip of Edward I. of England by ceding to him the county of Agenois ; and entered into a war with Spain in or- der to fuppoTt the pretenfions of his nephews, the In- fants de la Cerda, to the throne of Caftile. The events of this war were of no gieat import- ance ; and the king's attention was quickly called off from them by the death of his eldell fon Louis at the age of twelve years. This difaRrous event happened in the year 1275, not without a lufpicion of poifon ; and the young queen, Mary, was accufed by a fur- geon named La Brofle as guilty of his death. Philip gave fome credit to the accufation ; but having applied
to a nun, who pretended to be infpired, for full fatls- faftion, her anfwer proved fatal to La Broffe. The queen being cleared by this pretended prophetefs, La Broffe was accufed of a treafonable correfpondence with the king of Cailile, and condemned to death. The manner of his trial and execution, however, were fuch, that the tide of popular favour was turned ; La Broffe was by the voice of the people declared to be innocent, and the king arid queen themfelves loudly condemned.
During thefe unfavourable circumftances, the Sicilians, over whom Charles of Anjou had eftablKhed his authority, inftigated by John of Procida, a noble exile, came to a refolution of freeing themfelves at once frona the French yoke by a general maffacre. This cruel refolution was accordingly put in execution ; and the French, to the number of 8000, murdered in one night ; after which Peter of Arragon failed to the ifland, where he was received by the inhabitants as their king and faviour. Charles was fenfibly affefted by this misfortune ; and having laid liege to Meffma, failed diredlly to Marftilles, where he obtained a powerful reinforcemen-t. But during his abfence on this occafion, his fon, to whom he had entrullcd the care of the fiege, having rafhly ventured an engagement with the Spanifh fleet, was entirely defeated and taken pri- foner ; which fo much affcfted the father that he died of grief, and Sicily was infeparably attached to the houfe of Arragon.
The misfortunes of Charles were followed by others equally great to Philip himfelf. Pope Martin IV. in the warmth of his zeal for the caufe of the duke of Anjou, had excommunicated Pedro king of Arragon, and beftovved his kingdom on Charles of Valois, a younger fon of the king of France. In attempting to defend himfelf againft the execution of this unjutt fentence, Pedro was mortally wounded ; but, foon after-, the French fleet being defeated by that of Arragon, the king was fo much affefted by the misfor-tune that he fell dck* HU. difeafe was augmented by the heat of the climate and the fatigues of war ; fo that, France. quite worn out with grief and infirmities, he expired at Perpignan in the 4 [ft year of his age, and i6th of his reign. 48 By the deatli of Philip the Hardy the French crown R-elgn of devolved on his fecond fon, called alfo Philip, and from p^*)'^' '^^ the beauty  of his perfon furnamed the Fair ; who had efpoufed the princefs of Navarre, and at the time of his acceffion was in his 17th year. By the marriage with this princefs he had obtained the counties of Champagne and Brie ; yet with all this incieafe of power he found himfelf unable to fupport the war in which his predeceffor had engaged. For this reafon he thought proper to abandon the intereft of the Infants de la Cerda, and fettle the differences with Caftile. The treaty was concluded by the mediation of Edward I. of England ; at whole interceffion Charles the Lame, fon to the duke of Anjou already mentioned, was releafcd from his captivity ; Edward himfelf paying part of his ranfom. On this Charles confent- ed to renounce his claim on Sicily ; and Philip himfelf promifed that his kinfman, Philip of Valois, fhould renounce all pretenfions to the crown of Arragon. In return for this generofity, the latter obtained the eldeft daughter of Charles, with the territories of Anjou and Maine as a dowry.
The tranquillity procured by this treaty, however, was foon interrupted by differences with Edwar-d the promoter of it ; pope Boniface VIII. and Guy de 49 : Dampier, count of Flanders. The difference with Difference England took place by a mere accident. A Norman ^^^"^ ^"S* • and an Englifh veffel having met off the coaft of Bay-^^"*^* onne, and having both occafion for vs^ater, the crews met and quarrelled at the fame fpring. A Norman was killed in the fquabble by his own weapon, with which he affaulted an Englifhman, as the latter pre- tended : but however the matter was, complaints were made by the Normans to Plrilip ; who, without giving himfelf much trouble to inquire into the merits of the caufe, inftantly allowed them to redrefs their fuppofcd injuries. On this a kind of piratical war commenced between the two nations, in which the two fovereigns for fome time took rro afitive part ; though other nations interfered ; the Irifh and Dutch feamen fiding with the Englifli, and thofe of Flanders and Genoa with the French. Thus the powers on both fides were gradually augmented, till at laft the affair became fo ferlous, that in one engagement 15,000 French are faid to have perifhed. Phihp, alarmed at fuch a car- nage, fummontd the king of England as his vaffal to attend ; and, on his refufal, declared his eftates in France to be forfeited. After a number of negoclations, Phihp declared that he would be fatisfied with, the nominal ceflion of the province of Guienne, which he engaged inftantly to reftdre to the king of England as foon as it lliould be put into his hands. Edward complied with his demaod : but no fooner had the French monarch obtained poffeffion of that country, ^ than he. perfiftfed in the forfeiture of the Enghfh poffeffrons in France ; which treacherous proceeding in- ftantly produced a war betwixt the two nations. Edward, that he might the better defend himfelf againft fuch a formidable adverfary, coucluded a treaty with the emperor Adolphus, together with the counts of Bilctaiiv, Holland; Bar, Jujkrs, Gueldres, and Flaii/. Ders ders ; wliile Philip ftrengthened himfelf by an alliance' with John Baliol of Scotland ; and this laid the foundation of that ftria union which took place between France and Scotland for two centuries. During this war the French made a defcent on the coaft of England, and deflroyed the town of Dover ; while Edward, in revenge, landed in Gafcony with an army of 50,000 men. No great exploits, however, w^ere per- formed with this mighty armament ; and both parties finding themfelves pretty equally matched, confented to a fufpenfion of arms for two years; during which a ptace was finally concluded by the mediation of pope Boniface VIII. Guienne was reftored; Edward efpoufed Margaret the fifter of Philip ; while his daughter Ifabella was given in marriage to the prince of 'Wales. Both Philip and Edward behaved to the allies whom they hnd engaged in their caufe with equal perfidy.
Byliol was abandoned by Philip to the refentment of Edward ; while Guy, earl of Flanders, was left equally expofed to the refentment of Philip. The reconciliation betwixt the French and Englifh monarchs was foon followed by a difference with pope Boniface, whom they had appointed mediator between them. Senfible of his affuming difpofition, however, they had iuferted in the reference made to him, that he was chofen as a private man, and not as the fucceflbr of St Peter. The haughty pontiff, however, foon fliowed, that he was not by any means to be treated as a private perfon, and a contcft with Philip quickly enfued. Boniface began with forbidding the clergy to grant the king any fubfidies without firft obtaining the confent of the Holy See, under the pain of excommunication. Philip revenged himfelf by prohibiting any ecclefiaftics from fending money out of the kingdom without his leave ; and by protecting the Colonnas, who were the implacable enemies of Boniface. By this his holinefs was fo much irritated that he fent a moft abufive letter to Philip ; after which he fummonedthe clergy of France to a council at Rome ; which Philip retaliated, by feizing the temporalities of thofe who obeyed the fummons, and recaUing his brother Charles of Valois, who had the title of the pope's general. Senfible, however, of the danger that attended this conteft, he difpatched two emiffaries, under pretence of conciliating the differences, to levy fuch a body of troops as might execute his hoftile purpofes againft the holy father. With thefe he fuddenly invefted the pope in his native city of Anegnia ; and while the bull was preparing for the excommunication of Philip, and releafing his fubjefts from their obedience, the Pope himfelf was obliged to furrender pri- foner to the troops of the prince whom he defigned to anathematize. Though Boniface had been at this time delivered up to the troops of Philip through the treachery ufthe people of Anegnia, yet he was no fooner taken pri- foner and brought to diilrefs, than they refcued him from his guards and conveyed him to Rome, where he foon after died of grief and fhame. His fucceffor Benedift revoked the excommunication of Boniface, and attempted to regain the allegiance of Philip by gentle means : but, before this could be effe6led, he himfelf was cut off by death, not without ftrong fufpicions of poifon. After his ^deceafs Philip offered to procure the papal chair for Bertrand archblihop of Bourdeaujf, Fraiic?. provided he would cgademn the memory of Boniface, reftore the honours and eftates of the Colonnas which had been forfeited, allow him, for five years, the tenths of the clergy of France, and comply with a requeft; which at that time it was not proper to divulge. Bertrand having complied with the terms propofed by the king, afcended the papal throne by the name of Clement V. but narrowly efcaped being killed oji his return from the cathedral of Lyons, by the falling of a
wall which had been overloaded by the number of people who came to fee the proceffion ; by which acci- dent the duke of Brittany was killed, and the king and count of Valois confiderably brulfed. The new f^e^p^pe pope fixed his refidence at Avignon, where he punc- fixes his re tually complied with all the conditions of tlie treaty, ^'^<^_"ce at except that of condemning the conduct of Boniface, •"'V'gt^"'*' which he abfolutely refufed to do ; and, inftead of doing fo, vindicated with much folemnlty, after ha- ving inquired into the matter, or pretended to do fo. The other condition, which Philip had at firfl concealed, was difcovered by the death of the emperor Albert of Auftria ; after which event he defired Cle- ment to affift him in placing his brother Charles of Valois on the Imperial throne. But his holinefs, apprehenfive of the danger which might accrue to himfelf from being furrounded with the powerful relations of PhiHp, urged the diet to proceed inftantly to an elec- tion ; recommending to them Henry of Luxemburg as a proper perfon to fill the Imperial throne. In this fcheme he fuccecded fo well, that the eleftion was over before Philip could arrive at Avignon ; and the only confolation the French monarch could obtain for his difappointment was the poffeflion of the city of Lyons, which had hitherto maintained an independency under its archbifhop ; but was now perfuaded to fubmit to the authority of Philip. In the mean time Guy, earl of Flanders, being a- Expedition bandoned by his ally Edward king of England, was of Philip obhged to throw himfelf on the mercy of the French 'he monarch, who had fent his brother, Charles of Va-pianders. lois, with a powerful army to invade his dominions. From the latter indeed he had obtained a promife, that if he could not, within a year, compofe the differences fublifting between him and Philip, he fliould be at li- berty to retire, and purfue what meafures he pleafed. But Philip, in order to gratify the refentment which his queen entertained againll the captive prince, detained him, with two of his fons, in clofe coinfinement; while he himfelf entering Flanders in triumph, was every where received as fovereign of the country ; and at his departure appointed John de Chatillon, a re- lation of the queen, to govern thofe newly acquired territories. The new governor took care to repair the fortifica- tions, which had been fuffered to decay by reafon of the affiduous application of the Flemings to trade; but be- ing of a very haughty and tyrannical difpofition, and the poverty of the times not allowing his matter to keep regular garrifons, an infurre£lion quickly took place. This would have been effedually quelled by the diligence of the magiftrates, had not Chatillon unluckily entered Bruges, and publicly difplayed two bogfheads of ropes, w^hich he threatened to employ in the execution of the inhabitants. On this they flew to France. - Y
The conqueft of I the counitiy pre- vented by iFdward III L«f El igland to arms, mafTacred 1500 French ; Chatillon himfelf being obliged to efcape their fury by fwimming over the town ditch. The infurgents now, daily gathering ftrength, foon amounted to an army of 60,000 men, who laid fiege to Courtray. Here they were rafhiy attacked in their trenches by the count d'Artois, who met with the reward of his temerity, being cut off with 20,000 of his troops. Philip determined on re- venge ; though the railing another army obliged him to debafe the coin of the kingdom. Thus, however, he was enabled to enter Flanders with fuch a force as would probably have fubdued the whole country, had not Edward artfully communicated to the queen of France, as a fecret, a feigned correfpondence between the French nobility and the court of Rome ; by which •falfe intelligence the king was induced to abandon the enterprife without perfoiming any thing worthy of the armament he had fitted out. The war was continued for fomc time longer; but the attempts of Philip were conftantly defeated by the fteady valour of the Fle- mings ; and the only recompence Philip obtained for all his trouble and expence was the city of Courtray. The other remarkable tranfaftions of this reign were the expulfion and confifcation of the ettates of the Templars, who at that time enjoyed immenfe poffef- fions in France. The confifcatioiis took place without any form of trial, and upwards of 50 of  them were put to death in a cruel manner. The grand-malter, with three of his principal ofiicers, were burnt by a flow fire in the prefence of the king himfelf. The whole body of thefe unfortunate knights had been accufed of the moft grofs and abominable fenfuahties. The particulars were revealed, or pretended to be fo, by two cri- minals who received their pardon for the difcoveries they made ; and thefe difcoveries were confirmed by the confeflion of the Templars themfelves. But this confefilon was afterwards retraced, as being extorted from them by the fear of abfolute deilruftion ; and thofe who fuffered, maintained their purity to the lail: and on the whole, it was believed that Philip confulted his avarice rather than his juflice by this cruel execution. The latter part of his life was embittered by domeftic misfortunes. His three daughters-in-law, Margaret daughter of the duke, and Jean and Blanch, of the count of Burgundy, who had married his three fons Louis, Philip, and Charles, were accufed of infi- delity to their hufbands. After a fevere examination, Margaret and Blanch were condemned to perpetual iiti- prifonment; in -which fituation Margaret was after- wards ftrangled by order of her hufband Louis. Their paramours, Philip and Walter de Launay, two brothers, were flayed alive, and afterwards hung upon a gibbet, with an ufhcr of the chamber, who had been their confident. The uneafinefs of mind which Piii- lip fuffered on this account is fuppofed to have impair- ed his health, and he died of a confumption in the year 1395, the 47th of his age, and 30th of his rtign.
QntheacceirioaofLouis,furnamed tht Boi/lerous onac- count of hisviolent temper, he found his treafury fo much exhaufted,that he was obliged to delay for fome time the ceremony of his coronation with his new queen Cle- mence, daughter of the king of Hungary. Finding the.kingdom otherwife in a very dift rafted Hate, he applied himfelf very dih'gently to appcafe the difcontents of his fubjeds, and conciliate tikiv affedion by every means in his power. In this he was affifted by his Frane*. uncle Charles of Valois, on whom he at length entire- —v~-^ ly devolved the government of the kingdom. This re- gent, however, behaved with fuch cruelty as is fuppofed to have proved fatal to the king himfelf ; for ha- ving put to death a nobleman named Enguerrand de Poi^tier de Marigni, who enjoj^ed the confidence of the late king, this crueky was fo much refented, that his friends were thought to have adminiftered poifon to the king ; who expired fuddenly after drinking a glafs of cold v/ater, in the 26th year of his age, and fecond of his reign. Immediately after his death, Charles prepared to difpute the fovereignty with the brothers of the late fovereign. Phihp count of Poi6tou, the eldell brother, was at that time at Rome affifting in the eledion of a nev/ pope ; and it was not until a month after the death of his brother that he was able to put an end to the intrigues which took place on that occafion: but on his arrival in France, the throne was afligned to him by the unanimous voice of the people.
His profpeds, however, were for a fliort time clouded by the queen- dowager Clemence being delivered of a fon, who has been inrolled among the kings of France , under the name of John I. lijs death in three week.' Reljjn of fecured the throne to Philip ; who, on account of the Philip the tallnefs of his fl:ature was furnamcd the Long. His Long, conduft proved fuperior to that of his predeceffor, who had unfuccefsfully attempted to fubdue the Flemings, and had even fuffered himfelf to be duped by their count ; but Philip, by his vigorous behaviour, fo redu- ced them, that they compelled their fovereign to confent to a peace upon honourable terms. He fummoned Edward II. of England to do homage for his polfeffions in France ; but that monarch, finding himfelf in- volved in diflSculties, which rendered the vifit inconvenient, fent excufes to Philip, which he was pleafed to accept. As the French monarch had formerly taken the crofs during the hfetime of his father, he now pro- pofed to put his vow in execution ; but was diffuaded from this by the pope himfelf, at whofe inftance he fcnt an army into Italy to put an end to the contend- /'^ ing faaions of the Guelphs and Gibelines, who for fo nl"e expe-- long time filled that country with blood and flaughter. ditioa iQc«> The event proved unfortunate; and the difgrace was Italy, rendered more mortifying by a contagious diftemper, which fvvept off many thoufands of French fubjeds.
This was fuppofed by the fuperftitious people of thofe times to be occafioned by the Jews, who had confpired with the Saracens to poifon the fprings ; and that the execution of the projed was committed to fome le- pers who lived by themfelves in hofpitals richly endowed. On this a perfecution was inftantly commenced againfl thefe unfortunate men, and great numbers of them were burnt alive; while the Jews in general were abandoned to the rage of the populace, who infulted their perfons, and plundered their houfes without re- morfe. The remaining part of the reign of Philip was fpent in attempting to regulate the internal concents of his kingdom. A defign had been formed by his predeceflbrs of eftablifhing a certain llandard for the coin, weights, and meafures, throughout France : and thia- was adopted by Philip; who, in order to carry it more effeftually into execution, purchafed from the counts of Valois, Clermont, and Bourbon, their right cm' c^inagej, warn, Beigii of tolnage w'lth'n their own dominions. But notwithflanding all his endeavours for this purpofe, he never could bring the fcheme to bear ; nor indeed could he in any degree conciliate the affection of his fubjefts.
He died of a fever and dyfentery in the year 1322, the 28th of his age, and 6th of his reign. By the death of Phihp, the crown of France devolCharlcs the^pj j^jj brother Charles IV. who had obtained the furname of Fair, After fettling fome difputes with the duke of Burgundy, his next ftep was to diffolve his marriage with Blanch, who ftill continued in pri- fon, and to efpoufe Mary the daughter of Henry em-, peror of Germany. This marriage was contrafted with a view to the imperial crown itfelf, which had been fo long feparated from that of France ; and in "1325 an opportunity offered for Charles to gratify his ambition. At that time the Imperial dignity was dif- putcd between Louis of Bavaria and Frederic of Auftria; the latter of whom had been taken prifoner in a battle with Louis. But pope John, who entertained an implacable hatred againlb Louis, fulminated the fen- tence of excommunication againtl him, intrufting the execution of it to Leopold the brother of Ferdinand. The king of France was induced to embark in the fame caufe, by a promife of the fpoils of Bavaria; while Frederic himfelf confented to relinquifii his pretenfions to the empire which- he had fo unfuccefsfuUy maintained. Louis, however, by inftantly releafing his prifoner, and difmiffing him in an honoufable manner, engaged his friendfiu'p, and difarmed his moft formi« dable antagonift. But the pope was not to be fo dif- appointed. A confiderable fum of money induced Leopold to pcrfevere In his hoftilities, while it was determined that a new council of eleftors fliould be held in order to transfer the Imperial crown to Charles. In purfuit of this vifionary fcheme the king of France • fet out for the frontiers of Germany with a fplendid army; but foon found that there was no poffibllity of accompllfhing his wifhes. Leopold alone, from motives of intereft, remained his friend; the reft fhowed the greateft indiiTerence ; and even his brother-in-law the king of Bohemia abfented himfelf from the diet ; while in a fliort time the death of the queen put an end to all connexions with that crown. On the deceafe of Mary, Charles efpoufed Joanna daughter to the count of Evreux : and in order to avert the calamities to be feared from an infant fucceffion, he entered into an alliance with Robert king of Scotland ; by which it was provided, that fhould ei- ther of the ibvereigns die without an heir apparent, the ftates of the kingdom fhould fill the vacant throne, and the furvivor of the two kings fliould with his whole force fupport the legality of the nomination againft any other competitor : though even this proved infufficient to avert the danger which now threatened the kingdom, as fliall be explained in the fequel. Charles died in the year 1328, in the 34th year of his age, leaving his queen pregnant ; and as the fuc- gency and cefTjon depended on the fruit of the queen's pregnancy, kingdom tcstnt in the mean time was neceffary ; and two can- on thedeath,. ° . n 1 1 r 1
• • n vpfCharles. dicates inltanliy appeared tor ttiis important poit, urging at the fame time their right to the crown as well as to the regency. Thefe were, Philip de Valois, coufin-german to the deceafed king ; the other, Edward III. king of England, who afpired to the throne '59 Candidates ^'for the re in right of his mother, and the nephew of Charles the F^ancd. Fair. His pretenfions, however, were eafily fet afide, """v** and Philip was confirmed in the regency ; from which he foon after ftepped into the throne, on the queen being delivered of a daughter ; from which circumflance he acquired the furname of Fortimate. But though the pretenfions of Edward, both to the regen- cy and crown, were unanimoufly rejedled by the people, it was ftill impoffible for Piiilip to think of the claims of fuch a formidable rival without unealinefs. He therefore fummoned the Englifh monarch to do Difpufes homage for his pofTcflions in France; and, upon his with Ednot anfwering his funimons, forfeited them, and feized ^ai'd HI« his revenues. This at laft induced Edward to crofsj^^jj^"^' the fea and pay his homage ; which Philip confented to receive in any form, upon condition of a proper explanation being afterwards given : but as this was ftu- dioufly delayed after the return of the king of England, the province of Guienne was again feized by the French monarch. Edward, unwilling to lofe his continental dominions, or involve himfelf in a war for the fake of a mere ceremony, fent over a formal deed, by" which he acknowledged that he owed liege homage to France. Thus the flame was fmothertd for the prefent ; and would perhaps have been entirely extin- guifhed, had it not been for the intrigues of Robert of Artols, brother-in-law to the king of France himfelf, who had been expelled his country, and had taken refuge in England. By him he was perfuaded to renew his pretenfions to the crown of France, which of neceflity produced a war. For fome time, indeed, neither party made any open declaration of hoftility ; but as both monarchs were poffeffed of great prudence and fagacity, they foon penetrated each other's defigns. Philip, under pre- tence of taking the crofs, began to make prodigious armaments, ftrengrhening himfelf at the fame time by alliances on every fide ; while Edward, determining to renew his claim to the crown of France, projefted the conquefl of Scotland. This, however, he could not accomplifh ; and in the mean time Philip, in order to favour the Scots, with whom he was in alliance, fuffer- ed his fubjefts to make irruption& into Guienne.
In 1337, the war broke out openly. Philip having Edward's detached a fquadron of his fleet againft the Infidels, firft exps- employed the reft, confilling chiefly of Genoefe veffels, '^^'^i""* againil the Englifh. As in this war it was of great importance which fide was taken by the Flemings, thefe people were courted by both parties. Louis count of Flanders declared for Philip, but his fubjefts were more inclined to king Edward. James Artevllle a brewer, the moft able and artful man in the country, governed them at that time as much as if he had been their prince; and the advantages arifing from the Englifh commerce determining him in favour of Edward, that prince, at his requeft, embarked for Sluys with a numerous army. Here he arrived in 1338; and on his firfl landing, it was refolved that the German princes in alliance with him fhould acft againft France. But for this a pretence was wanting. The vaffals of the empire could not adl by Edward's orders, or even as his allies, without diredtions from the emperor, and he wa« in league with France. This difficulty, however, was foon, overcome : the French had made themfelves mafters of Cambray, and the emperor refolved z th^ that It fiiould be retaken. Edward Vicar General of the Empire; an empty title, but which feemed to give him a right of commanding the fervices of the princes of Germany. The Flemings, who were vaflals of France, Hkewife pretended fcruples at invading the territories of their liege lord. "To quiet thefe, Edward, by the advice of Arteville, aflumed the title of King of France ; and by virtue of this right challenged their afliftance for dethroning Philip de Valois, the ufurper of his kingdom. This ftep, which he feared would beget endlefs animofities and jealoufies, he did not take without hefitation ; and, accord- ing to Mr Hume, from this time we may date the com- mencement of that great animofity which the Englifh have always borne to the French. Edward's firft attempt was upon the city of Cambray, to which he laid fiege ; but in a fliort time he was prevailed upon by Robert d'Artois to raife the fiege and march into Picardy. This country he enter- ed with an army of near 50,000 men, compofed moftly of foreigners. Philip came within fight of him with an army of near 100,000, compofed chiefly of native fubjedls; and it was daily expefted that a battle would enfue. But the Englifli monarch was averfe to engage againft fo great a fuperiority ; and Philip thought it fufficient if he eluded the attacks of his enemy, without running any unneceffary hazard. The two armies fa- ced each other for feveral days; mutual defiances were fent; and Edward at laft retired into Flanders, and dif- perfed his army. Such was the fruitlefs, and almoft ridiculous conclufion of Edward's firft expedition, which had plunged him into the greateft difficulties. He had contrafted near L. 300,000 of debt ; he had anticipated all his revenue ; he had pawned every thing of value which belonged either to himfelf or his queen ; nay, he was (U)liged in feme meafure even to pawn himfelf to his creditors, by defiring their permifiion to go over to England in order to procure fupply, and by promifing on his word of honour to return in perfon if he did not remit their money. On his arrival in England, however, he procured a large fupply, fufficient to enable him to make all the necelTary preparations for a new invafion ; and fo certain were the Englifli that France would now be conquered, that the parliament, before Edward's departure, protefted that they owed him no obedience as king of France, but that the two kingdoms muft remain for ever diftinft and independent.
The king of England fet out on his fecond expedijxpedition. tion with a fleet of 240 veffels. Philip had prepared a fleet of 400 veflels, manned with 40,000 men ; which he ftationed oft' Sluys, in order to intercept him in his 'he'prfnchP^^^S^* "^^^^ two fleets met on the 13th of June ntirely de- 1340 ; but the EngHfli, either by the fuperior abilities ;a ed at of Edward, or the greater dexterity of his feamen, r^" gained the wind of the enemy, and had the fun in their backs ; and with thefe advantages began the action. The battle was fierce and bloody ; the Englifli archers, whofe force and addrefs were now much cele- brated, galled the French on their approach ; and when the fliips grappled together, the example of the king and the nobility who were with him fo animated the feamen and foldiers, that they maintained every where a fuperiou'ty over the enemy. The Flemings obferving the battle, hurried out of their ports, and With this view he created brought a reinforcement to the Englifli; which coming unexpectedly, had a greater eff"e£l than in proportion to its power and numbers. Two hundred and thirty fliips were taken ; and 30,000 Frenchmen were killed, with two of their admirals: the lofs of the Englifli was inconfiderable, compared to the greatnefs and imporL^ance of the vi6^:ory. None of Philip's courtiers, it is faid, dared to inform him of the event; till his fool or jefter gave him a hint, by which he difcovered the lofs he had fuftained. After this great vi£lory, F.dward landed his forces, and laid fiege to Tournay. Philip marched to its relief with a very numerous army ; but adled with fo much caution, that Edward found himfelf in a manner blocked up in his camp : and the countefs dowager of Hainault, fifter to Philip, mother-in-law to Edward, and fifter-in-law to Robert d'Artois, coming out of a convent, to which flie had retired, interpofcd with fo much fpirit and addrefs, that flie engaged all parties to agree to a truce for a year, and might perhaps have brought about a peace if flie had furvived. In 1 341, however, Edward's ambition was France.
6%
fecond
. . once Edward in- more excited by the invitation of the count de Mount- vited into fort, who had poflcfled himfelf of the province of frr.ncc a Brittany, and apphed to Edward to fecond his claims.
^^^"^'^ An off"er of this kind entirely coincided with Edward's moft fanguine defires. He was happy in the promifed. affiftance of Mountfort, an adlivc and valiant prince, clofely united to him by intereft, and thus opening to him an entrance into the heart of France. Thefe flat- tering profpefts, however, were for a while damped by the imprifonment of Mountfort; whofe aims being difcovered, he was befieged in the city of Nantz and ta- ken. But Jane of Flanders his wife foon made up for the lofs of her huflDand. This lady courageoufly under- took to fupport the falling fortunes of her family. She aflembled the inhabitants of Rennes, where flie then refided ; and carrying her infant fon in lier arms, de- plored her misfortunes, and attempted to infpire the citizens with an affedtion for her caufe. The inhabitants of Nantz inftantly efpoufed her interefts, and all the other fortrefles of Brittany embraced the fame re- folution. The king lyf England was apprifed of her ef- forts ; and was intieated to fend her fuccours with all poflible expedition to the town of Hennebone, in which place flie refolved to fuftain the attacks of the enemy.
Charles de Blois, Philip's general, anxious to make himfelf mafter of fo important a fortrefs as Hennebone, and ftill more to take the countefs a prifoner, fat down before the place with a large army, and condufted the fiege with indefatigable induftry. The defence was no lefs vigorous : feveral fallies were made by the garrifon, in which the countefs herfelf was ftill the moft active, and led on to the aflault. Obfeiving one day that their whole army had quitted the camp to join in a general ftorm, flie fallied out by a poftern at the head of 300 horfe, fet fire to the enemies tents and baggage, put their futtlcrs and fervants to the fword, and occafioned fuch an alarm, that the French defifted from the aflfault, in order to cut off" her communication with the town. Thus intercepted, flie retired to Auray, where flie continued five or fix days; then returning at the head of 500 horfe, flie fought her way through one quarter of the French camp, and returned to her faithful citizens in triumph. But the beficgers had at 3 F length Icrgth made feveral breaches in the walls ; and it was apprehended that a general afTault, which was hourly expefted, would be fatal. A capitulation was therefore propofed, and a conference was already begun, when the countefs, who had mounted on a high tower, and was looking towards the fea with great impatience, defcricd fome fhips at a diflancc. She immediately ex- claimed that fuccours were arrived, and forbid any further capitulation. She was not difappointed in her wifhes ; the fleet fhe difcerned carried a body of Englilh gentlemen, with 6000 archers, whom Edward had prepared for the relief of Hennebone, but who had been long detained by contrary winds. They entered the harbour under the conduft of Sir Walter Manny, one of the moft valiant commanders of his time. This relief ferved to keep up the declining fpirits of the Bretons until the time appointed by the late truce with Edward was expired, on which he was at liberty to re- new the war in greater form. The fuccours under Sir Walter Manny were quickly followed by a more confiderable reinforcement com- manded by Robert of Artois, who made himfelf mailer of the city of Vannes foon after his arrival: but the Bretons foon recovered the city, and Robert was compelled to rellnqulfh his prize after receiving a mortal wound. Edward himfelf, eager to revenge the death of his ally, foon landed at Morbian near Vannes with an army of 12,000 men. With this fmall number he undertook at once the fiege of Vannes, Nantz, and Rennes : but by dividing his forces, he failed in every enterprife, and gave an opportunity to John duke of Normandy, the king of France's eldeft fon, to inveft him in his camp. In this fituation his provilions foon began to fail ; and Edward, notwithftanding all his valour, would have been obliged to furrender, had he not, by a train of artful negociations, induced PhiHp to relinquifh the advantage he had obtained, and confent to a truce of three years. This was accomplifhtd by the mediation of the court of Rome; and the French  monarch was foon made fenfible of the partiality of that court, and the imprudence of the ftep he himfelf had taken. Edward foon found a pretence to renew the war, from the execution of fome nobles of Brittany, who, he faid, were partifans of Mountfort, and chofe to look upon their punifhment as an infraftion of the treaty. PhiHp now endeavoured to fecure himfelf againft the power of his rival by alliances, and by purchafing the city of Montpeher from the king of Majorca : but in the mean time, the Enghfh, under the commanti of the earl of Darby, had invaded Guienne, twice defeated the French army commanded by the Count de Lifle, and made themfelves matters of a great number of towns. Philip, by reafon of the exhaufted ilate of his treafuty, was for fome time incapable of making any oppofition. To recruit his finances, he was obliged lo lay a duty on fait ; which gave fuch offence to his fubjefts as had almoft excited a rebellion. When thefe difcontents were afTuaged, however, he foon raifed an army of 100,000 men, whofe courage was further raifed by the prefence of the dukes of Normandy and Burgundy. The Englifh general was therefore compelled to Hand upon the defenfive. One fortrefs after another was furrendered to the French ; till at length aothiug appeared but a total extindion of the power ^'S He itids of England upon the continent. In this fituation, " Franc Edward refolved to bring relief in perfon to his diftref- fed fubjefts and allies ; and accordingly embarked in 1346 at Southampton, on board a fleet of near 1000 fail, of all dimcnfions. He carried with him, befidts all the chief nobility of England, his eldeO: fon the Prince ofWales (afterwards furnamed tht Black PrinceJ; a youth of about 15 years old, and already remarkable both for underltanding and valour above his age. army confifted of 4000 men at arms, 10,000 archers, with an ar- 10,000 Welfli infantry, and 6000 Irifh ; all vi^hich he my in Nor- landed fafely at La Hogue, a port in Normandy, "^^'"^X- which country he determined to make the feat of the war. The intelligence o| Edward's landing, and the devaftation caufed by his troops, who difperfcd themfelves over the whole face of the country, foon fpread univtrfal conftei^ation through the French court. The rich city of Caen was taken and plundered by the Engliflt without mercy ; the villages and towns, even up to Paris, fhared the fame fate ; and the French had no other refource but by breaking dawn their bridges, to attempt patting a fl:op to the invader's career. In the mean time, Philip was not idle in making preparations to reprefs the enemy. He had ftationed one of liis generals, Godemar de Faye, with an army on the oppofite fide of the river Somme, over which Edward was to pafs ; while he himfelf, at the head of 120,coo fighting men, advanced to give the Englifh battle. Edward, thus unexpectedly expofed to the danger of being inclofed and ftarved in an eneni/'s country, publiflied a reward to any that fiiould bring him intelli- gence of a paffage over the river Somme. This was dif- covered by a peafant of the country named Gobin Agace; and Edward had juft time to get his whole army over the river, when PhiUp appeared in his rear. Of the battle that enfued, in which the French were over- thrown with great flaughter, an account is given under the article Cressy.
Edward next laid fiege to Calais, which was then c^iatfta- defended by John di Vienne, an experienced command- ken. er, and fupphed with every thing neceffary for defence. It was at length taken, after a twelvemonth's fiege, the defendants having been reduced to the lad extre- mity by famine and fatigue ; for the confequences of which, fee the article Calais.
From the very beginning of this unfortunate war, Phihp had invariably fhowed himfelf defirous of peace, and the viAory of CrefTy rendered him flill more fo. Edward alfo, notwithfl;anding his fucceffes, was unable to fupport the expences of the war any longer. The mediation of the court of Rome was therefore readily ac- cepted, and a truce for three years concluded. At the fame time, PniHp met with fome recorapence for the lofles he had fufl:ained, by the acquifition of Dauphiny, which has ever fince given the title of Dauphin to the eldell fon of the king of France. It was obtained by the refignation of Humbert prince of Dauphiny; who, be- ing difappointed in his hopes of marrying Joan, daughter of the duke of Bourbon, gave up his territories to Charles the grandfon of Philip, who had married that lady ; himfelf retiring into a convent. Soon after this event, the king himfelf, who had been fome time a wi- dower, was married to Blanch, the daughter of Phihp count of Evreux, and Jane queen of Navarre j and his fon France.
Death of king Phi-' 68 condufl of the king < f Kavarre, tie is taken atid confi fon Jolin to the countefs of Boulogne. But the happinei's occalloned by thefe marriages was foon interrup- ted by the death of the king; who expired in the year 1350, the 57th of his age, and 23d of his reign.
On the death of Phih'p, his eldeft fon John took poffeflion of the kingdom ; but fcarcely was he feated on the throne, when he difgufted his nobihty by an unfeafonable aft of fevcrity. Robert de Briennfe, count of Eu and Guifnefs, had been taken prifoner by the king of England at Caen ; and under pretence of ne- gociating his ranfom, had paiTed feveral times between France and England ; but being accufed of a treafon- able correfpondence with Edward) he was by order of his fovereign fuddenly arrefted, condemned, and be- headed, without any form of trial. At his death, it is faid, that he confefTed his treafonable pradtices ; but this has not been authenticated by any hiftorian of credit. Having been conftablc of France, the fyvord, the badge of his office, was delivered to Charles de la Carda : but his fate was equally unfortunate with that of his predeceflbr. beingfoon after aifaflinated by Charles king of Navarre, furnamed The Wkhed. This prince, celebrated for his perfonal qualifications, but detelted for his crimes, was the fon-in4aw of John himfelf. He bad demanded the duchy of Angouleme of the king; but as the latter had thought proper to beftow it upon
Carda, he had taken the effedtual method of revenging himfelf by afTafiiuating his rival. John did not fail to fliow a proper refentment ; but fuch was the weaknefs of his government, that the king of Navarre fet him at defiance, and would not even condefcend to the ce- remony of afliing pardon until John had fent him his fccond fon as an hollage for his perfonal feciuity. To thefe offences the king of Navarre added another ftill more atrocious, viz. that of afpiring to the crown of France Itfelf ; to which he pretended a right derived from his mother, beIng"grandfon by the female fide to Louis the Boiilerous. But his more immediate demar.dfe v/ere the countries of Champagne and lirie. To obviate all difficulties on this head, however, John be- ftowed the duchy of Normandy on his eldeft j fon Charles ; and comtnanded him to ftize the eftates of the king of Natarre. On this the latter foon made his appearance at Paris; but John found himfelf obli- ged to appeafe his murmurs at the expence of no lefs than 100,000 crowns. All this time the truce with England had been very ill obferved on both fides ; the French had poffefs- ed tbemfelves of the port of St Jean d'Angeli; and the Engllfii had furprlfed the town of Guifnefs. ^ The rival houfes of Mountfort and Blois ftill continued their animofitles; while Edward continued to threaten war. The king of Navarre went on with his in- trigues ; and even the dauphin was drawn into a con- federacy agalnft his father. John, however, being in- formed of their machinfitlons, found means to defeat them efieflually. Tiie dauphin was reclaimed by pointing out to him the impropriety of his conduit, and the difadvantage which muft unavoidably accrue to himfelf from the conntdtions which he had formed. The king of Navarre was invited, with his principal adherents, to an entertainment, where they were unex- pedkdly arrefted ; the former being fent prifoner to Chateau Galllard, and feveral of the moft obnoxious of the latter put to death. The reft of the coufpiraIItors, inftead of being difmayed by this cheeky I'rfime- rrance. diately fhowed themfelves in open rebellion ; and find- « ing themfelves unable, without farther afliilance, to gain their point, they without delay invited over Edward from England* 70 That warlike and enterprlfing monarch had never Fif^ce aloft fight of the objeft he had originally errtbraced ; fe|j"i;|y jfj^. and on the expiration of the truce had fent his fon, ^jrd. prince of Wales, and, from the colour of his armour, furnamed the Black Prince, with a fleet tov»ards the coaft of France. Young Edward had with this fleet entered the mouth of the river Garonne, burnt the towns and villages of Languedoc, and retired with the plunder Into the country of Guienne. Edward himfelf, who had likewife palled over to the continent, waft- ed the country as far as StOmer; but the French king^ notwithftanding all thefe provocations, determined to "kvoid a battle, and therefore prohibited his genera!, the conftable of Bourbon, from coming to an en- gagement though his army was much fuperior to that of the prince of Wales. With the flower of his troops, however, he purfued Edward from St Omer to Hefdin, where he defied him to a pitched battle; but the latter, without minding his bravadoes, continued his march to Calais, from whence he embarked for England. After his departure, John called an aflembiy of the ftates at Paris, where he explained the dii- trefled fituation of his finances, and fliowed fo fully the neceffity of afllftlnghlm in the defence of the kingdom, that they confented to maintain an army of 30,000 men during the war. To fupply the other exigencies of government, they revived the duty on fait, and added a variety of other imports; but at the fame time appointed a committee of their own number to take care that the money was folely appropriated to the public fervice. The fatisfaftion which John received from thefe grants, and the fuppreffion of fome difturbances which happened about this time, was foon overcaft by the news that the prince of Wales had marched with an army of 12,000 men from Bourdeaux ; and, after ravaging the Agenois, Quercy, and the Limoufin, had entered the province of Berry. The young warrior had penetrated Into the heart of France with this trifling body of forces, in hopes of joining the duke of Lancafter in Guienne. But he foon found that his fcheme was Impradtlcable : the country before him was too well guarded to permit ^his advancing fur- ther ; and all the bridges behind were broken down, which effe£tually barred a retreat. In this embarraf- fmg fituation, his perplexity v/as Increafed, by being informed, that the king of France was adually marching at the head of 6o,oco men to intercept him. He at firft thought of retreating : but foon finding it impoflible, he determined calmly to await the approach
of the enemy ; and, notwithftanding the difparlty of forces, to commit all to the hazard of a battle. It was at a place called Maupertuis, near Polftiers-, Battle of that both armies csme in fight of each other. The Poidliers. French king might very eafily have ftai-ved the Englifh into any terms he thought proper to Impofe; but fuch was the impatient valour of the French nobihty, and fuch their certainty of fuccefs, that it might have been equally fatal, to attempt repreffing their ardour to en- gage. In the mean time, while both armies were' drawn Ffench defeated.
King John taken pri- foner. Miferable fituation of Fraace. diawn out, and expecting the figival to begin, they v;ei e ftopped by the appearance of the cardinal of Perigord, who attempted to be a mediator between them. I-]o.>. e vt r, John, who made himfelf fure of vittory, would liilcn to no other terms than the reflitution of Calais ; with which the Black Prince refufing to comply, tlie onfet was deferred till the next morning, for vliich both fides waited in anxious fufpence.
During this interval, the young prince Hrengthen- ed his poU by new entrenchments ; and placed 300 inen in ambufli, with as many archers, who were com- manded to attack the enemy in flank during the heat of the engagement. Having taken thefe precautions, he ranged his army in three divificns; the van was com- manded by the earl of Warw ick, the rear by the earls of Salifbury and Suffolk, and the main body by himfelf. In like manner, the king of France arranged his forces in three dirifions ; the firft commanded by the duke of Orleans; the fecond by the Dauphin, attend- ed by his younger brothers ; while he himfelf led up the Kiain body, feconded by his youngefl. and favourite fon, then about 14 years of age. As the Englifh were to be attacked only by marching up a long narrow lane, the French fuffered greatly from their archers, who were polled on each fide, behind the hedges. Nor were they in a better fituation upon emerging from this danger, being m,et by the Black Prince himfelf at the head of a chofen body of troops, who made a furious onfet upon their forces, already in great diforder. A dreadful overthrow enfued : thofe who were as yet in the lane recoiled upon their own forces ; while the Enghfli troops who had been placed in ambufli, took that opportunity to increafe the confufion, and confirm the victory. The dauphin and the duke of Orleans were among the firft that fled. The king of France himfelf made the utmoft cffoits to retrieve, by his valour, what his rafhnefs had forfeited : but his fingle courage was unable to flop that confternation which had now become general through his army; and his cavalry foon flying, he found himfelf expofcd to the enemy's fury. At length, fpent with fatigue, and defpairing of fuccefs, he thought of yielding himfelf a prifoner ; and frequently cried out, that he was ready to deliver himfelf to his coufin the prince of Wales, The honour of taking him, however, was re- ferved for a much more ignoble hand ; he was feized by Dennis de Morbec, a knight of Arras, who had been obliged to fly his country for murder.
In April following, the prince conduced his royal pri- foner through'London, attended by an infinite concourfe of people of all ranks and ftations. His modefty upon this occafion was very remarkable: the king of France was clad in royal apparel, and mounted on a white fteed diftinguiflred by its fize and beauty ; while the prince himfelf rode by his fide upon a mean little horfe, and in very plain attire. This dreadful defeat, which happened in the year 1356, almoft entirely ruined the French affairs ; and the miferies which enfued from this caufe were greatly augmented by inteftine commotions. The dauphin, who had now affumed the government, was altogether unable to govern a turbulent and feditious people at fuch a crifis. An affembly of the fl:ates, which i^he called, took the opportunity to limit the powder of the prince, impeach the former rainifters, and demand the liberty of the king of Navarre ; the treafurer of the France, crown was murdered by one Marcel, a partizan of "v—«' that worthlefs prince, who had filled the city of Paris with confufion by his intrigues. The afiaflin whom Marcel employed was dragged, by order of the dauphin, from an altar where he liad taken refuge, and inllantly put to death. The bifliop of Paiis icfcnted the indignity done to the church ; and Marcel avenged the fate of his adherent by murdering both the niaref- chals, who had feized him in the preience of the dauphin ; and fo near him, that his clothes were Rained with their blood. The prince indignantly aiked him, if he was to be involved in the fame dtliruAion? When Marcel affefted to provide for his fafety by putting upon him a blue hood, the badge of the adherents of Navarre. The public diforders were now alfo augm.ented The king by the efcape of the king of Navarre from confinement; Navaire and though the dauphin was even allured that he had ^^^apes _ adminillered a dofe of poifon to him, he was obliged flill to pay him fome appearance of regard. A fcheme was even formed by the chiefs of the fedition to change the government, to veit all the power in the commons, and leave the king no more than an empty title ; but though this was favourably received by the city of Paris, it was entirely rejeftcd by the other cities of the kingdom. The dauphin was likewife recognifed as regent by the ftates general, and the inhabitants of Picardy and Champagne took up armis in his caufe. , ^ In this difaltrous llate of affairs, the miferies of thef^funec- pcople were heightened by a new and unexpected evil. t:onsandtu The peafants, who had been all along opprefftd by"^"'''''^ the nobles, were now treated in fuch a manner, that r^*^
1 r • 1 1 , lauts. tliey role in great numbers to revenge themfelves ; the cailles of the nobility were rafed to the ground, their wives and daughters raviflied, and themfelves put to the moft cruel torments. At laft they were obliged to arm in their own defence. • The duke of Orleans cut off 10,000 of them in the neighbourhood of Paris ; 12,000 were maffacred by the king of Navarre ; 9000, who had laid fiege to the town of Meaux, where the dauphinefs and three other ladies of the firft rank refided, were routed and purfued with dreadful flaughter by an officer in ihe fervice of Edward. Amidft thefe confufions, Marcel, the feditious leader al- ready mentioned, periflied in a tumult of his own rai- fing ; and the moft virtuous and prudent people of the nation fupported the pretenfions of the dauphin. His moft dangerous enemy was the king of Navarre, who had allured to his ftandard numbers of thofe Norman and Englifti adventurers who had followed Edward in- to France, and there been left to feek their fortunes; where they affociated themfelves under the name of the Companions. By fuch a formidable competitor the Peace\edauphin was reduced almoft to the laft extremity, when tween the his hopes were revived by an unexpedted propofal from f^a^r'^in his rival, of peace upon equitable and moderate terms, j^avaire Hiftorians in general have afcribed this to the natural levity of the king of Navarre ; but fome have been of opinion that he afted from prudential motives, and that he juftly fuppofed it would be more eafy to deal with the dauphin, who was his own kinfman, and humbled by fc many misfortunes, than with an haugh-. ty and imperious conqueror like Edward.
On the expiration of ihe truce in 1359, Edward again fet fail for France, and anchored before Calais. with . He concludes a peace. France, with a fleet of uco fail, afTuraed the title of king of v""' France, and augmented his army to 100,000 men. 78 , The dauphin, finding hlmfelf unable to withftand fo ^fi-iTcf"' g*'^^^ ^ power, was obliged to a6l on the defenfive ; FranceV choofing the city of Paris for his fttition, and allowEdw;'.rd. ing the Englilh to ravage z\\ the open countiy. Thus they were allowed to penetrate through Picardy into Champagne ; but the city of Rheims, where Edward defigned to have been crowned king of France, baffl;-'d their utmoll efforts. From Champagne, therefore, which was already laid walle, the Englilh monarch marched into Burgundy ; pillaging Tonnere, Gaillon, and Avalon. Burgundy was faved by the payment of 100,000 merks, and a like fum was paid for Nivernois. At lall, after a long and dellru6live march, Edward arrived at the gates of Paris ; but the pru- dence of the dauphin and citizens of that metropolis had rendered it impregnable to the attacks of famine as well as the affaults of an army. Thus the war went on till the year 1360, when the king of England was inchned to peace, as Is faid, by a dreadful tempeft, to which his army was cxpofed while encamped in the fields round Chartres. His conduft, however, may more reafonably be derived from other motives. Notwlthftandlng all the vidlories he had gained, the French nation Ihowed not the lead favour to his claim of fucceffion ; the king of Navarre was a dangerous rival, and the caution of the dauphin in avoiding an engage- ment deprived him of the advaiifiges he might expe6l from his valour and mlHtary fiiill. Thus conferences for a peace were opened at Bretigny in the Chartraine ; and it was at lall concluded on the following conditions, viz. That king John fliould pay for his ranfom, at different periods, three milUons of crowns of gold (about a million and an half of our money) ; Edward Ihould for ever renounce all claim to the kingdom of France ; and fhould remain poffclfed of the territories of Poitlou, Xaintonge, I'Agenois, Perigord, the Li- moufin, Quercy, Rouve; gne, 1' A ngoumois, and other diftrids inlhat quarter,. together with Calais, Guifncs, Montreuil, and tlie county of Ponthieu on the other fide of France. Some other ftipulations were made in favour of the allies of England, as a fecurlty for the execution of thefe conditions. Upon John's return to his dominions, he found himfc'lf very ill able to ratify thofe terms of peace that had been jnll concluded. He was without finances, at the head of an exhauRed flate ; his foldiers without difci- pline, and his peafants without fuboidination. Thefe had rifen in great numbers ; and one of the chiefs of their banditti affumed the title of The Friend of God and the Terror of Man. A citizen of Sens, named John Gouge, alfo got himfelf, by means of his robberies, to be acknowledged king ; and he foon caufed as many calamities by his de vacations, as the real king had brought on by his misfortunes. Such was the ftate of that wretched kingdom upon the return of its captive monarch : and yet fuch was his abfurdity, that he immediately prepared for. a croifade into the Holy Land, before he was well replaced on the throne, Min n -^^^ ^'^ exhaulled fubjefts been able to equip him for able'To"pay this chimerical projeft, it is probable he would have his raiil'om, gone through with it ; but their miferies were fuch, returns to j-j^^j- t^gy ^ffQxc even too poor to pay his ranfom. This fisgland, ^ breach of treaty that John would not fubmit to;  and he was heard to exprefs himfelf in a very noble France, manner upon the occaliou : '* Though (fays he) good '; faith fhould be banidied from the rell of the earth, yet file ought Hill to retain her habitation in the breail of kings." In conftquence of this declaration, he actually returned to England once more ; and yielded himfelf a prifoner, fince he could not be honourably free. It is faid by fome, that his paflion for the countefs of Salifbury was the real caufe of his journey: bat we want at this time the foundations for fuch an 81 injurious report. He was lodged in the Savoy, the pa- Oi?^, and is lace where he had refided during his captivity ; [,"'^^^^>^'^^fgg foon after he clofed a long and unfortunate reign, by ^^i^ wife, his death, which happened in the year 1384, about the 56th year of his age. Charles, furnamed the Wife, fncceeded his father on the throne of France ; and this monarch, merely by the force of a finely condufted policy, and evi^n the' fufFering fome defeats, reftored his country once more to tranquillity and power. He quelled and diflipated a fet of banditti, who had affociated themfelves under the name of Companions, and who had long been a ter- ror to the peaceable inhabitants. He had them inrol- led into a body, and led them Into the kingdom oF Caftile againil Peter, furnamed the Cruel, whom his fubjefts had dethroned, and who, by means of an al- liance with the Englidi, endeavoured to get himfelf re- inftated upon the throne. In confequence of thefe al- liances, the Englifh and French again came to an en- gagement ; theirarmies on the one fide commanded by the Black Priace ; on the other, by Henry of Tranfta- marre, and Bertrand du Guefclin, one of the moll con- fummate generals and accomplifhed charafters of the age in which he lived. However, the ui'ual good for- tune of the Englilh prince prevailed ; the French loft above 20,000 men, while only four knights and 40 private men on the fide of the Englifli were flain. • Neverthelefs, thefe vidlories were attended with very Bad fuccefs few good effcAs. The Englifh, by their frequent le- of the Eng.*. vies, had been quite exhaulled, and were unable to continue an army in the field. Charles, on the other hand, cautioufly forbore coming to any decifive en- gagement ; but was contented to let his enemies waile their ftrength in attempts to plunder a fortified country. When they were retired, he then vvas fure to fully forth, and poffefs himfelf of fuch places as they were not llrong enough to defend. Pie firft felt upon Ponchieu ; the citizens of Abbeville opened their gates to him ; thofe of St Valois, Rue, and Crotoy, imita- ted the example ; and the whole country was, in a little time, reduced to total fubmillion. The fouthern provinces were, in the fame manner, invaded by his generals with equal fuccefs : while the Black Prince, dellitute of fupplies from England, and wailed by a cruel and confumptive diforder, was obhged to return ^ to his native country, leaving his affairs in the fouth of France in a defperate condition. In this exigence, the refentment of the king of England was excited to the utmoft pitch ; and he feem- ed refolved to take fignal vengeance on his enemies of the continent. But the fortunate occafion was now elapfed ; and all his fucceeding defigns were marked with ill fuccefs. The earl of Pembroke and his whole army were intercepted at fea, and taken prifoners by Henry king of. Callile. Sir Robert KnoUcs, one of. his .
mmrnmsmmsmmm.
S)eath cf Charles And of the 1:1 !>g of Navarre..^5
l?C!gn of i:harJes VI his generals cn the continent, at tlic head of 30,000 men, was defeated by Beitrand dii Guefclln ; while the duke of Lancafter, at the head of 25,000 men, had the mortification of feeing his troops diminiflied one half by flying parties, without ever coming to a battle. At laft, tlie Engllfh affairs were totally ruined by the death of the Black Prince and king Edward. On recei- ving this news, the armies of Charles attacked the Englifh on all fides. One, unier the command of the duke of Burgundy, entered Artois another entered Auvergne, under the command of the duke of Berry ; that which afted in Guienne was commanded by the duke of Anjou ; and the forces in Bretagne were under the conftable Guefchn : the king himfelf had a powerful body of troops, that he might be able to re- pair any accident which fliould happen through the chance of war. The conftable joined the duke of Burgundy, who found it difiicult to oppofe Sir Thomas Fekon and the Senefchal of Bourdeaux. Soon after' his arrival, the conftable attacked and defeated them, making both the commanders prifoners of war. This viftory was fo well purfued, that, at the clofe of the campaign 1377, Bayonne and Bourdeaux, with the diftritls about them, and the fortrefs of Calais with its dependencies, were all the places left to England on the continent. Thus Charles eftablifhed once more the houfe of Valois on the throne of Fmnce, but did not long Hve to enjoy his good fortune. He died in the year 1379, at the age of 44, of the confequences of poifon formerly given him by the king of Navarre, as has already been mentioned. The immediate operation of this poifon h.ad been fufpended by the ftcill of a phyfician fent by the emperor Charles IV. He opened an iffue in his aim, the running of which preferved his life ; but the phyjician declared, that whenever it fhould dry, up the conftquence would be fatal. Not long before his death, Charles had commenced a procefs againft the king cf Navarre for this crime. Several of the affo- ciates of the latter fuftercd on this occafion, and the king himfelf was deprived of his pofTeffions in Nor- mandy, as well as his lordOiip of Montpelier, which had been given him in lieu of the counties of Champagne and Brie, and the duchy of Burgundy which he liad claimed. Ele did not long furvive the death of the French monarch whom he deftroyed. His death was fmgular and very terrible ; for having been aiEic- ted with the leprofy, he had been obliged to make ufe of fome bandages dipped in fulphur and afterwards fteeped in brandy. Thefe took fire by the careleftnefa of a page, and the unfortunate prince was burnt t© death. Charles V. was fucceeded by his fon Charles VI. fur- named the V/ell- beloved, who at the time of his acceffion to the throne was only 12 years of age. The duke of Anjou, eldeft brother to the late king, had been ap- pointed guardian during the minority of the prince ; but he being totally unfit for the office, and diftin- guiftied only for his rapacity and ambition, readily re- signed his charge to the dukes of Burgundy and Bourbon, the former uncle to the king by his father's fide, the latter by his mother's. None of thefe tutors, however, proved faithful to the truft repofed in them. The duke of Anjou feized the plate and treafures of the late king, in order tu fupport his ^ambitious enter- France, prizes. At that time Joan, infamous for her profli gacy, reigned in Naples. She had appointed one Charles Durazzo, who was her relation, to fucceed her in the throne ; but the inhuman wretch murdered his benefadrefs, who with her laft breath revoked her grant of the kingdom to hira, and beftowed it upon the duke of Anjou. His influence at the French court enabled him to wafte the treafures of the kingdom in fupport of his pretenfions ; though he proved ultimately unfuccefsful, his forces being conftantly defeated, and his defigns fruftrated by the fuperior fkill of his adverfary. The duke of Burgundy, inftead of inftruAing his pupil in the vi^ays of virtue, indulged him in every kind of vicious pleafure, hoping thereby to gain his favour afterwards. The citizens of Paris, opprefTed by taxes, broke out Into tumults, and were quelled with difficulty ; while the mal-adminiftration of Philip the duke of Burgundy foon involved the nation in hoftilities with the Flemings. Philip invaded theirpj^j^^^^ country atthe headof anarmy of 80,000 men,along with invaded, whom was the young king, accompanied by the principal nobihty of France. The firft operations of war were favourable to the Flemings; but they were at length totally defeated on the banks of the river Lis> where their leader, with 25,000 of his followers, perifli- ed. This vfdory was followed by the fubmiffion of the whole country ; but the fatisfaAion of the king at this event was difturbed by new feditions and Revolts in the city of Paris, and other great towns of the kingdom. His return, however, at the head of a vic- torious army, focm reduced them to their duty, and fe- vetal of the revolted cities were fcverely punilhed ; at the fame time that the death of the duke of Anjou har ving freed him from the immediate dependence on his tutors, he affumed the reins of government into his own hands in the year 1384. The genius which Charles began to difplay in his early years, raifed the hopes of the nation ; but thefe were loon overcaft, and greater misfortunes than ever were now about to enfue. The young king, whofe marriage began to be a fubje<a; of attention to the council, refufed to comply with the forms in ufe a- mong his predecelTors, and infifted upon feeing the perfon defigned for his confort. An interview was vtarHea accordingly contrived betwixt him and Ifabella daugh- Ifabella ter to the duke of Bavaria ; where he fell in love with daughter to that princefs, and afterwards married her. His admi-*^*^^ '^"''^ niftration was for fome time prudent and vigorous.
He conciliated the affections of his people by reftioring their privileges, punidiing their oppreffors, and relie- ving them from the taxes which had been impofed in his minority. He reduced the Flemings to fubmit to the authority of his uncle the duke of Burgundy; de- tached 15,000 archers and 1500 men at arms to affifl the Scats in their incurfions into England ; and in 1385 fitted out a prodigious armament againft England. A vaft fleet was aflembled in the harbour of Sluys, and a very numerous army in the neighbour- hood. According to fome writers, tlie armament con- fiftedofi200 fhips, 20,000 foot differently armed, 20,000 cavalry, and 20,000 crofs-bow men. There was befides a vaft wooden edifice or floating town, which was contrived for the proteAion of the foldiers when landed ; but all thefe preparations were at laft: 6 brought to nothing through the obftinacy of the duke of Berry ; who, h.iving been originally againft this meafure, carried on his part of the armament 10 (lowly, that he did not arrive at Sluy3 till the middle of September, when the feafon was fo far advanced, that no invafion was praclicable. A ftorm that happened foon after, drove the greateft part of the fleet on fhore, and beat the wooden edilice all to pieces ; the remains of which the king bellowed on the duke of Burgundy, to whom he gave alfo the port of Sluys, which was then very commodious, and of the utmoft importance.
The deftruftion of the French fleet was only a pre- lude to calamities of a more extraordinary nature. The Sieur de Craon, a profligate nobleman, had been en- trufted by the court of France with a confiderable fum of money for the fupport of the duke of Anjou, at the time he was reduced to diltrefs by his Italian expedition. This money he had difiipated at Venice ; but, by the credit of the duke of Orleans, the king's brother, he had obtained his pardon, and returned to court. Here he attempted to gratify his private re- fentment by the afiafiination of Oliver Cliflbn the conflable, whom he fufpefted of having promoted his dif- grace. This veteran hero was attacked, on his return from the hotel de St Pol, by a band of 20 ruffians, againft. whom he defended himfelf with wonderful in- trepidity, when at lafl: he fell, after receiving more than 50 wounds. Happily, however, he recovered notwithllanding his being mangled in this manner; while the aflaffin, to fcreen himfelf from vengeance, fled for protedlion to the duke of Brittany. The king demanded the aflaffin to be given up to him in chains; but the duke anfwered, that he knew nothing of him : to which the king giving no credit, marched with all his forces into his territories. When the array arrived
at Mans, the king was feized with a flow fever ; but Ts feiztd could not be prevailed upon to refl; or take phyfic. On withlunaticthe 5th of Augufl; I39i> having marched all day in fits- the heat of the fun, a miferable, ragged, wild-looking fellow, darted from behind a tree, and laying hold of the briddle of his horfe, cried out, " Stop ! where are you going, king ? You are betrayed and immediately withdrew again into the wood. The king pafied on, not a httle dift;urbed ; and foon after one of the pages, who rode behind and carried his lance, o- vercome with heat, fell afleep, and let it fall upon the lielmet which was carried by the other. The king, bearing the noife, looked about ; and perceiving the page lifting the lance, killed him immediately : then riding furioufly with his fword drawn, he ftruck on every fide of him, and at every perfon, till he broke his fword ; upon which one of his gentlemen leaped up behind him and held his arm. He fell foon after, and lay as if he had been dead; fo that being taken up and bound in a waggon, he was carried back to Mans, where he lay two days in a lethargy, after which he came a little to himfelf, and exprefled great concern at the blood he had flied in his dehrium. The people, who had expreflTed the greatefl: concern for his diitemper, were equally rejoiced at the news of his recove- ry ; but unfortunately it was foon difcovered, that he no longer pofleflfed that llrength of judgment and underfl.anding for which he had formerly been remarkable. Hence a regency became indifpenfably necefl'ary j and the couipct;l!on for it brought to light the cha- Fran-cc. rafters of the queen and duke of Orleans, which had /— not hitherto been difplayed to public view. The forp^fturban mer of thefe was a molt beautiful and accompliflied ^j^q^ princefs ; but vindidlive, violent, and intriguing; in- regency, fenfible to natural afteftion, but eafily acceffible to flattery, and ready to yield to every impulfe of lawlefs paffion. The duke of Orleans was equally re- markable for his perfonal accomplifliments, and had married Valentina daughter of the duke of Milan; but his engagements with that princefs did not prevent him from engaging in a number of licentious amours, and among the relt, as was fuppofed, with his fifter-in law Ifabclla. During the king's illnefs he openly afpired at the regency ; but his pretenfions were over-ruled by the ftates, the adminittration of affairs being for the prefent conferred on the duke of Burgundy. In a few months indeed the health and underftanding of the king feemed to be fufficiently refliored; but in the year 1393 it was again difturbed by an accident no lefs extra- ordinary than the former had been. An entertainment An accidene had been given in honour of the marriage of one of the occafions a queen's attendants. At this fix mafques entered the ^-[^'2^^^"^ partment, difguifed like fatyrs, in linen clothes covered with rofin, and while warm Ihick over with down. Thefe were the king and five of his lords. The duchefs of Berri paid attention to the king though flie did not know him, and engaged in converfation with him. In the mean time the duke of Orleans, ignorant of the confequence, out of diverfion ran a lighted torch againft: one of them. His whole drefs was inftantly in a flame, and the fire was from him communicated to all the reft:. The mafques, notwithftanding the dreadful fi- tuation they were in, called out, *' Save the king ; fave the king !" On which the duchefs of Berri, recolleft- ing that it muft: be him with whom flie had engaged In converfation, wrapped him in her cloak, and preferved him from farther danger. Only one of the relt efca- ped by jumping into a ciftern of water; the other four periflied in the flames. Tlie terror which the king un- derwent by this accident inftantly occafioncd a relapfe; and he continued delirious at intervals as long as he li- ved. During this fl:ate of infanity he was iiitraClable by every perfon except Valentina duchefs of Orleans ; who feemed to have as great an influence over him as her hufband the duke had over the mind of the queen. So great was the power indeed which flie had over the king in this deplorable ftate, that in thofe fu- perftitious times it was fuppofed by many to be the eff'ect of magic. Others, with more probability, afcri- bed it to her fuperior charms as a woman ; and thi* idea inftantly produced her a number of enemies a- mong her own fex. The duchefs of Burgundy, particularly, by her hatred, and the quarrel between the two ladies, foon extended itfelf to their hufljands. Amidft their difl"enfion8, however, they did not entirely negledt the adminittration of public aff'airs; they ftrovc to conciliate the afi'eftion of the parliament by preferving the rights of the commons inviolate ; and they endeavoured to check an inordinate paffion for gaming,
which began to appear about this time, and to fubftir tute manly and martial exercifes in its place.
During the intervals of his reafon, Charles fre- quently affiimed the government into his own hands 5. and as the war Hill continued with England, though in a languid manner, the French monarch, in one of ^-^"-v-^ thefe lucid intervals, had an interview with Richard king of England, in order to put an end to hoftihtics, be'twix't of which both were equally weary. Still, however, king of their claims were fo difficult to be adjufted, that they France and could do no more than conclude a truce for 2 ^ years ; England, during which fpace it was hoped that a lalling peace might take place. Richard gave up Cherburg to Charles, and Breft to the duke of Brittany : a marriage was alfo concluded betwixt the king of England and Ifabella the daughter of Charles, though the latter was then only feven years of age ; but by reafon of the tender age of the princefs, this marriage was never confummated.
During this unfortunate reign, France was ftill far- ther weakened by the fuccours fent to the Hungarians Unhappy againft the Turks. On this fatal expedition upfateofthc wards of icoo of the braveft and moll experienced fuccours knights were fent under the condudl of John count of Nevers, eldeft fon of the duke of Burgundy ; the count of Eu conftablc of France ; John de Vienne admiral of France ; and the count of Marche, a prince of the blood- royal ; together with De Courcy, one of the bed and moft experienced captains in Chriftendom. The prudent counfels of this veteran, however, weie not obeyed by the youthful warriors by whom he was accompanied. Attacking the enemy therefore rafhly, and while heated with wine, they were all either killed or taken prifoners. Notwithftanding this difatter, however, aflillance was fent in the year 1400 to Wanceflans emperor of Germany ; and the duke of Orleans, who commanded the army on this occafion, acquitted himfelf fo well that he acquired the duchy of Luxemburg for himfelf, ai:d left his ally fatisfied : but while the friendfhip of I rance was thus courted by foreign powers, the kingdom itfelf was in the moft miferable fituation. The king's diftemper feemed daily to gain ground ; while the difcordant intercfts of the contending parties kept the whole nation in a ferment. The moft violent animofity took place betwixt the dukes of Orleans and Burgundy. The former, by means of his own interett with the queen, and the afcendancy his duchefs had over the king, for fome time got the bet*ter of his rival, and was made lieutenant-general and governor of the kingdom ; but having prefumed on his power to levy new impofts on the people, and opprefling alfo the churchmen, whom in that fuperftitious age he ought by all means to have let alone, he was deprived of his authority, and obliged to yield to the duke uf Burgundy. For fome time, however, thefe powerful rivals were kept within fome bounds by the mediation of the duke of Bourbon, who feems to have been the only grandee who m.aintained a pure and un- fpotted character; but by his death in 1404, the un- happy nation was left totally expofed to their relentlefs fury. In 1405, the queen and duke of Orleans again feized the adminiftration; but were foon deprived of it by the unanimous voice of the people. During this period Charles and his children were negleded and a- bandoned to diftrefs ; but they were relieved by the duke of Burgundy on his obtaining the regency; and 1- fabella, with the duke of Orleans, was obliged to retii-e from Milan. A fudden return of the king's reafon and underftanding for a much longer time than ufual, now deprived both parties of their power j and the ad93 Violent com : o tI()n^ in France. miniftration was vefted in the queen and a council com- France, pofed of princes of the blood. ——y—«« The two rival dukes, thus prohibited from inter- fering in public affairs, exercifed themfelves in committing hoftilities againft the Englilh, with whom the truce had been lately concluded. They were encouraged to this infra£lion of the treaty by the unfettled fituation of the affairs of Henry IV. : but their at- tempts proving unfuccefsful, the truce was renewed af- ter obtaining reftoration of the princefs, who had been married to Richard 11. as has been already mentioned. The failure of their enteprifes produced a new fcene of difcord betwixt the dukes, who mutually threw the blame upon each other. By the intrfaties of the duke of Berri they were apparently reconciled; but the duke of Burgundy pretended friendftiip only in order to take the more fignal vengeance. To this he was now fur- ther inflamed by jealoufy. Having hired a band of Duke of ruffians to execute his bU^ody purpofe, the duke vvas^^J^l^^"^^^" one evening attacked by eighteen of them while at- ^ '"^'^ ' tended only by two pages. A Norman gentleman whom the duke had deprived of an employment, headed the affaffins, and in perfon attacked the duke. At the firft blow he cut off his hand, at the fecond he ftruck him from his mule, and at the third put an end to his life. His wife Valentina was fo concerned at his death, that (he died foon after. The duke of Bur- gundy efcaped to Flanders ; and the whole nation was rent into two factions, called the BurgunSans and jir- magnacs; the latter being the title of the party of the duke of Orleans, from Armagnac the father-in-law of that prince. A dreadful confulion enfued : tlie duke of Burgundy foon returned to France, and extorted a pardon from the unhappy king, who was now no longer able to refift him : and we may have fome notion of the ftate of the kingdom in general from being told, that 2000 people periflied in one tumult in the capital. The king himfelf was alternately the prifaner of each party, and alternately transferred the power from the one to the other as he happened to fall into their hands. This therefore was thought by Henry V. of England a favourable opportunity to recover from France thofe grants that had been formerly given up by treaty. But previoufly, to give his intended expedition the appearence of juftice, he fent over ambaffadots to Paris, offering a perpetual peace and alliance, on condition of being put in poffeffion of all thofe provinces which had been raviflied from the Englifli during fome former reigns, and of efpoufing Catharine, the French king's daughter, in marriage, with a fuit- able dowry. Though the French court was at that time extremely averfe to war, yet the exorbitance of thefe demands could not be complied with ; and Henry very probably made them in hopes of a denial, therefore affcmbled a great fleet and army at South- Henry V. of ampton ; and having allured all the military men of i^ngland the kingdom to attend him, from the hopes of conqueft, he put to fea, and landed at Harfleur, at the head of an army of 6000 men at arms, and 24,000 foot, moftly archers. His iirft operations were upon Harfleur ; which be- ing preffed hard, promifed at a certain day to furrender, unlefs relieved before that time. The day arri- ving, and the garrifon, unmindful of their engagement, ftill refolving to defend the place, Henry ordered an affault ^^^ fnvalion by affault to he made, took the town by ftorm, and put all the garnfon to the fword. From thence, the vic- tor advanced farther into the country, vi^hich had been already rendered defolate by faclions, and which he now totally laid w^afte. But although the enemy made a feeble refiftance, yet the climate feemed to fight a- gainft the EngliHi ; a contagious dyfcntery carrying off three parts of Heni-y's army. In this fituation he had recourfe to an expedient common enough in that barbarous age, to infpire his troops with confidence in their general. He challenged the dauphin, who com- manded in the French army, to fingle combat, offer- ing to flake his pretenfions on the event. This chal- lenge, as might naturally be expefted, was reje6led ; and the French, though difagreeing internally, at laft feemed to unite at the appearance of the common danger. A numerous army of 14,000 men at arms, and 40,000 foot, was by this time affembled under the command of count Albert, and was now placed to in- tercept Heniy's weakened forces on their return. The EngliOi monarch, when it was too late, began to re- pent of his rafh inroad into a country where difeafe and a powerful army every where threatened deflruc- tion ; he therefore thought of retiring into Calais.* In this retreat, which was at once both painful and dangerous, Henry took every precaution to infpire his troops with patience and perfeverance ; and fhowed them in his own petfon the brighteft example of forti- tude and rcfignation. He was continually haralTed on his march by flying parties of the enemy ; and whenever he attempted to pafs the river Somme, acrofs which his march lay, he faw troops on the other fide ready to oppofe his paffiige. However, he was fo for- tunate as to feize by furprife a paflage near St Quintin, which had not been fufficiently guarded ; and there he fafely carried over his army. But the enemy was ftill refolved to intercept his re- treat : and after he had pafled the fmall river of Tertrois at Blangi, he was furprifed to obferve from the heights the whole French army drawn up in the plains of Agincourc ; and fo polled, that it was impoiTible for .agincourt. him to proceed on his march, without coming to an engagement. A battle accordingly took place, in which the Englifli gained a viftory, the molt remarkable perhaps of any recorded in hiftory ; an account of which is given under the article Agincourt.
This viftory, gained on the 25th of Oftobcr 141 5', was however attended with no immediate effcfts. Henry ftill continued to retreat, after the battle of Agincourt, out of the kingdom } and carried his pri- foners to Calai?, and from thence to England. In Henry '5'/' he once more landed an army of 2^,000 men lands again in Normandy ; and prepared to ftrike a decifive blow for the crov/n of France, to which the Englilh monarchs had long made pretenfions. That wretched Country was now in a moft deplorable fituation. The whole kingdom appeared as one vail theatre of crimes, murders, injullice, and devaftation. The duke of Orleans was airaflinated by the duke of Burgundy; and the duke of Burgundy, in his turn, fell by the trea- chery of the dauphin. At the fame time, the duke's fon, defirous of revenging his father's death, entered into a fccret treaty with the Englifh ; and a league was immediately concluded at Arras, between Henry and the young duke of Burgundy, in which the king pro- YoL. VII. Part II.
_ Battle of in Norniandy mifed to revenge the murder of the late duke ; and Fi>an(-e, the fon feemed to infill upon no further ftipulations. "~*~^ ' Henry, therefore, proceeded in his conquefis without much oppofition from any quarter. Several tow;is and provinces fubmitted on his approach ; the city of Rouen was befieged and taken ; Pontoife and Gifors he foon became mafter of. He even threatened Paris by the terror of his power, and obliged the court to re- move to Troje. It was at this city that the duke of Burgundy, who had taken upon him the proteftion of the French king, met Henry in order to ratify that treaty which v/as formerly begun, and by which the crown of France was to be transferred to a ftranger.
The imbecility into which Charles had fallen, made him paffive in this remarkable treaty ; and Henry dic- tated the terms throughout the whole negociation*
The principal articles of this treaty were. That Henry fhould efpoufe the princefs Catharine; that king-Charles Ihould enjoy the title and dignity of king for life ; but; that Henry fhould be declared heir to the crown, and fhould be intrufted with the prefent adminiftration of the government ; that France and England fliould for ever be united under one king, but ihould ftill retain their refpeftive laws and privileges ; that Henry fiiould unite his arms with thofe of king Charles and the duke of Burgundy, to deprefs and fubdue the dauphin and his partifans. 93 It was not long after this treaty, that Henry mar- marries ried the princefs Catharine ; after which he carried his J^^^J^J^^J^ father-in-law to Paris, and took a formal polTeffion of that capital. There he obtained, from the eftates of the kingdom, a ratification of the late compaA ; and then turned his arms with fuccefs againfl; the adherents of the dauphin ; who, in the mean time, wandered about a ftranger in his own patrimony, and to his^ enemies fucceffes only oppofed fruitlefs expoftulatlons. Henry's fupplies were not provided in fuch plenty as to enable him to carry on the war, without return- ing in perfon to prevail upon his parliament for frefli fuccours ; and, upon his arrival in England, though he found his fubjefts highly pleafed with the fplendor of his conquefts, yet they feemed fomewhat doubtful as to the advantage of them. A treaty, which in its confequences was likely to transfer the feat of empire from England, was not much rehfiied by the parlia- ment. They therefore, upon various pretences, refufed him a fupply equal to his exigencies or his demands j but he was refolved on purfuing his fchemes; and, joining to the fuppHes granted at home, the contributions levied on the conquered provinces, he was able once more to aflemble an army of 28,000 men, and with thefe he landed faftly at Calais. In the mean tiriie, the dauphin, a prince of great prudence and aftivity, omitted no opportunity of re- pairing his ruined fituation, and to take the advantage of Henry's abfence from France. He prevailed upon the regent of Scotland to fend him a body of 8000 mea from that kingdom ; and with thefe, and fome few- forces of his own, he attacked the duke of Clarence, who commanded the troops in Henry's abfence, and gained a complete viftory.
This was the firft aclion which turned the tide of fuccefs againll the Englifii. But it was of ftioi-t duration s for Henry loon after appearing with a confider3 ^ able
France, Death of Henry and Gharlts. Loo Defperare finiation of (JhanesN'l' lol The French aftairs re- trieved by •ht: Maid L.i 0;leaiis aBFe aymy, the dauphin fled at his approach ; while many of the places, which ht-ld out for the dauphin in the r.ti^hb.'urhood of Paris, funcndered to the conqueror. In this manner, while Henry was every where viflorious, he fixed his rcfidence at Paris ; and while Charles had a fmall court, he was attended with a very magnificent one. On Whitfunday 142 1, the two kings and their two queens with crowns on their heads dined together in public ; Charles receiving apparent homage, but Henry commanding with abfolute authority.In the mean time, the dauphin was chafed beyond the Loire, and almoft totally difpoffeffed of all the northern provinces. He was even purfued into the fouth, by the united arms of the EngliHi and Burgundians, and threatened with total deftruAion. In this exigence, he found it necelfary to fpin out the war, and to evade all hazardous anions with a rival who had been long accnfl:omed to vid(ny. His prudence was every where remarkable; and, after a train of long perfecutions from fortune, he found her at length will- ing to declare in his favour, by the death of the king of England.
Charles VI. died a fhort time after ; and Charles VH. fucceeded his father to a nominal throne. Nothing could be more deplorable than the fituation of that monarch on afTumlng his title to the crown. The Englifh were mafters of almofi. all France; and Henry VI. thouj'h yet but an infant, was folemnly invetted with regal power by legates from Paris. The duke of Bedford was at the head of a numerous army, in the heart of the kingdom, ready to oppofe every infurretlion ; while the duke of Burgundy, who had entered into a firrA confederacy with him, ftill remained ftedfall, and feconded Uis claims. Yet, notwithftanding thefe fa- vourable appearances, Charles found means to break the le.igues formed againll him, and to bring back his fubjedls to their natural intereits and their duty.
However, his firft attempts were totally dellitutc of fuccefs. Wherever he endeavoured to face the enemy he was overthrown, and he could fcatcely rely on the friends next bis perfon. His authority was infulted even by hia own fervants ; advantage after advantage was gained againll him; and a battle fought near Verneuil, in which he was totally defeated by the duke of Bedford, feemed to render his affaits altogether defperate. But from the impolTibility of the EngUfh keeping the field without new fupplies, Bedford was obli- ged to retire into England; and in the mean time, his vigilant enemy began to recover from his late confter- natlon. Dumois, one of his generals, at the head of 1000 men, compelled the earl of "Warwick to raife the fiege of Montargis ; and this advantage, flight as it was, began to make the French fuppofe that the Englifh were not invincible. But they foon had ftill greater reafon to triumph in their change of fortune, and a new revolution was pro- duced by means apparently the molt unlikely to be at- tended with fuccefs. In the village of Domremi, near Vaucouleurs, on the borders of Lorrain, thee hved a country-gill, about 27 years of age, c^Wed j'oan de Jrc. Ttiis girl had been a fervant at a fmall inn ; and ill that humble ftation had fnbmilted to thofe hardy employments which fit the body for the fatigues of war. She was of au irreproachable life, and had hi8 ] F II A therto tcRified none of thofe enterptizing- qualities which difplayed ihcmfelves foon after. iShc contentedly fiilBllcd the duties of her fituation, and was re- markable only for her modefty and love of religion.
But the miferies of her country feemed to have been one of the greatelt objocis of her compafiion and re- gard. Her mind, inflamed by thefe objeds, and brooding with melancholy ftedfailnefs upon them, began to feel feveral impulfes, which file was willing to miftake for the infplrations of heaven. Convinced of the reality of her own admonitions, ihe had recourfe to one Baudricourt, governor of Vaucouleurs, and informed him of her deltination by heaven to free her native country of its fierce invaders. Baudricourt treated her at firft with negled : but her importunities at length prevailed ; and willing to make a trial of her pretenfions, he gave her feme attendants, wlio con- duced her to the court, which at that time refided at Chinon. The French court were probably fenfible of the wcaknefs of her pretenfions; but they were willing to make ufe of every artifice to fupport their declining fortunes. It was therefore given out, that Joan was actually infpired ; that fhe had been able to difcover the king among the number of his courtiers, although he had laid afide all the difliinftions of his authority ; that fire had told him fume fecrets, which were only known to himfelf ; and that flie had demanded, and minutely defcribed, a fword in the church of St Catharine de Fierbois, which fhe had never fetn. In this manner, the minds of the vulgar being prepared for her spnearance, flie was armed cap-"a-pee, and fliown in that martial drefs to the people. She was then broui.',ht before the doftors of the univerfity; and they, tinctured with the credulity of the times, or willing to fecond the itnpollure, declared that flie had adually received her commiffi«n from above. When the preparations for her miffion were completely blazoned, the next aim was to fend her againfl the enemy. The Engliih were at that time befieging the city of Orleans, the lalt refource of Charles, and every thing promifed them a fpeedy furrender. Joan undertook to raife the fiege ; and to render herlclf ItiU more remarkable, -girded herielf with the miraculous fword, of which fne before had fuch extraordinary notices. Thus equipped, fhe ordered all the foldiers to confefs themfelves before they fet out ; fhe difplayed in her hand a confecrated banner, and afiured ibe troops of certain fuccefs. Sueh confidence on her fide foon raifed the fpiriis of the French army ; and even the Enplifh, who pretended to defpife her efforts, felt themfelves fecretly influenced with the terrors of her miffion. A fupply of provifions vvt;s to be conveyed into the town ; Joan, at tlie head of fome French troops, covered the embarkation, and entered Orleans at the head of the convoy whicli fhe had fafely prcte£led. Vv'hile uie was leading her troops along, a dead filence and aftoniiliment reigned among the Eiiglifh ; and thev regarded with religious awe that temerity, which they thought nothing but ftipernatural affiftaHce could infoire. But they were foon rouzed from their ftate of amazement by a fally from the town ; Joan led on the befieged, bearing the fiicred ftandardin lier hand, encouraging them with her words and actions, bringing their, to the trenches, and overpowering the befie-, gers in their own redoubts. In the attack of one of the forts, fhe was wounded in the neck with an arrow; but inftantly puUing out the weapon with her own hands, and getting the wound quickly dreffed, fhe haflened back to head the troops, and to plant her victo- rious banner on the ramparts of the enemy, Thefe fucceffes continuing, the Englilh found that it was impoffible to refift troops animated by fuch fuperior energy; and Suffolk, who condufted the attack, thinking that it might prove extremely dangerous to remain any longer in the prefence of fuch a courageous and vidlo- rious enemy, raifed the ficge, and retreated with all imaginable precaution.
From being attacked, the French now in turn be- came the aggreffors. Charles formed a body of 6000 men, and fent them to befiege Jergeau, whither the Englifh, commanded by the earl of Suffolk, had re- tired, with a detachment of his army. The city was  taken ; Suffolk yielded himfelf a prifoner ; and Joan marched into the place in triumph at the head of the army. A battle was foon after fought near Patay, where the Englift were woriled, as before ; and the generals Scales and Talbot were taken prifoncrs. I'he raifing of the fiege of Orleans was one part of the maid's prcmifc to the king of France ; the crowning him at Rheims was the other. She now declared that it was time to complete that ceremonv ; and Charles, in purfuance of her advice, fet out for Rlieims at the head of 12,000 men. The towns thro' which he pafTed opened their gates to receive him; and Rheims fent him a deputation, with its keys, upon his ap- proach. The ceremony of his coronation was there performed with the utnioll lolemnity ; and the Maid of Orleans (for fo fhe was now called) feeing the completion of her miflion, defired leave to retire, alleging, that file had now accomplifhed the end of her calling.
But her fervices had been fo great, that the king couidnot think of parting with her; he preffed her to flay fo earneflly, that fhe at length complied with his requefl. A tide of fucceffes followed the performance of this folemnity ; Laon, SoifTons, Chateau-Thierri, Provins, and many other fortreffes in that neighbourhood, fubmitted to him on the firft fummons. On the other hand, the Enghfh, difcomfited and difpirited, fled on every quarter ; n«t knowing whether to afcribe their misfortunes to the power of forcery or to a celeflial influence ; but equally terrified at either. They now found themfelves deprived of the conquefls they had gained, in the fame manner as the French had formerly fubmitted to their power. Their own divifion.<!, both abroad and at home, unfitted them entirely for carrying on the war; and the duke of Bedford, not- withflanding all his prudence, faw himfelf divefted of his flrong-holds in the country, without being able to flop the enemy's progrefs. In order, therefore, to re- vive the declining ftate of his affairs, he refolved to have Henry crowned king at Paris, knowing that the natives would be allured to obedience by the fplendor of the ceremony. In 1430, Henry was accordingly crowned, all the vafTals that Hill continued under the Englifh power fwearing fealty and homage. But it was now too late for the ceremonies of a coronation to give a turn to the affairs of the Englifh ; the generality of the kingdom had declared again ft them , and the Maid of Orleans taken yt\ foner, remainder only waited a convenient opportunity to fol- France low the example. ~-~y^
An accident enfued foon after, which, though it pro- mlfed to promote the Engliih caufe in France, in the end ferved to render it odious, and conduced to the total evacuation of that country. The duke of Burgundy, at the head of a pov\-erful army, had laid fiege to Compeign ; and the Maid of Orleans had throwu herfclf into the place, contrary to the wifhes of the governor, who did not deiire the company of one whofe authority would be greater than his own. The garrlfon, however, were rejoiced at her appearance, and believed themfelves invincible under her protection. But their joy was of fhort duration ; for Joan having the day after her arrival headed a fally, and twice driven the enemy from their intrenchments, fhe was at iait obHged to retire, placing herfelf in the rear, to proteft the retreat of her forces. But in the end attempting to follow her troops into the city, fhe found the gales ihut, and the bridge drawn up by order of the governor, who is faid to have long wifiied for are opportunity of delivering her up to the entrnv. Nothing could exceed the joy of the beliegers, lu having taken a perfon who had been fo long a terror to their arms. The fervice of Te Deum was publicly celebrated on this occafion ; and it was hoped, that the capture of this extraordinary perfon wo'.ild rcftore the Engliih to their former victories and fucceffes. The duke of Bedford was no fooner mformed of her beuif taken, than he purchafed her of the count Vendome, who had made her his prifoner, and ordered her to be committed to clofe confinement. The credulity of both nations was at that time fo great, that nothing was too abfurd to gain belief that coincided with their pallions. As Joan but a little before, from her fucceffes, was regarded as a faint, fhe was now, upon her captivity, confidered as a forcerefs, forfaken by the dae- mon who had granted her a fallacious and temporary afliftance. Accordingly it was refolved in council to fend her to Rouen to be tried for witchcraft : and the bifhop of Beauvals, a man wholly devoted to the Englifli intereft, prefented a petition agalnll her for tliat purpofe. The unlverfity of Paris was fo mean as to join in the fame requeft. Several prelates, among whom the cardinal of Winchefler was the only Engllfh- man, were appointed as her judges. They held their court in Rouen, where Henry then refided ; and the Maid, clothed in her former military apparel, but load- ed with irons, was produced before this tribunal. Her behaviour there noway difgraced her former gallantry ; fhe betrayed neither weaknefs nor womani^ fubmiffion ; but appealed to God and the pope for the truth of her former revelations. In the IfTuc, fhe was found guilty of herefy and witchcraft ; and fentenced to be burnt ahve, the common punifhment for fuch offences. But previous to the infliCtion of this dreadful fen- tence upon her, they were refolved to make her abjure her former errors ; and at length fo far prevailed up(-ri her, by terror and rigorous treatment, that her fpiritj were entirely broken by the hardflups ihe was obliged to fuffer. Her former vlfionaiy drcains began to vanifh, and a gloomy diflrufl to take place of her late in- fpirations. She publicly declared herfelf willing to recant, and promifed never more to give way to the 3 G 2 vain 104 And cruelly put to death.
Frr.nce. vain dclufions which had hitherto milled her, and iin- -—W—^ pofed on the people. This was what her oppreffors de fired ; and wiiHng to fliow fome appearance of mercy, they changed her fentence into perpetual imprifonitient, and to be fed during Kfe on bread and water. But the rage of her enemies was not yet fatiated. Sufpefting tiuit the female drefs, which rtie had confent- ed to wear, was difagreeable to her, they purpofely placed in her apartment a fuit of mens apparel, and watched for the effect of their temptation upon her. Their cruel artifices prevailed. Joay, (iruck with the light of a drefs in which (he had gained fo much glory, immediately threw off her penitent's robes, and put on the forbidden garment. Her enemies caught lier equipped in this manner ; and her imprudence was confidercd as a relapfe into her former tranfgrefrions.
No reca-ntation would fuffice, and no pardon would be granted. She was condemned to be burnt alive in the market-place of Rouen; and this infamous fentence was accordingly executed with moft brutal feverity. One of the hril misfortunes which the Englifh felt after this punifiiment, was the defeftion of the duke of Burgundy ; who had for fome time feen the error of his conduft, and wiflied to break an unnatural con- nexion, that only ferved to involve his country in ruin. A treaty was therefore begun and concluded between him and Charles, in whicii tfie former agreed to afhit liim in driving the Engliih out of France. This was a mortal blow to their caufe ; and fuch was its effefls tjpon the populace of London when they were inform- ed of it, that they killed feveral of the duke of Burgundy's fubied'ls, who happened to be among theni at the time. It iiilght peihaps alfo have haflened the duke of Bedford's dtrath, who died at Rouen a few days after the treaty was concluded ; and the carl of Cambridge was appointed his fucceiTor to the regency of France. From this period, the Eiiglifli aftairs became totally the En^'l'fli irretrievable. 1 he city of Paris returned once more totally tuln- ^ f^.j,f^ of its duty. Lord Willoughby, who com- manded it for the Englifh, was contented to ftipulate for the fafe retreat of his troops to Normandy. Thus ground was continually, though flowly, gained by the French ; and notvvlthilanding their fields were laid waite, and their towns depopulated, yet they found protection from the weaknefs and divifions of the Engliih. At length both parties began to grow weary of a war, which, though carried on but feebly, was yet a burden greater than either could fupport. But the terms of peace infifted upon by both were fo wide of each other, that no hopes of an accommodation could quickly be expefted. A truce, therefore, for twentytwo months, was concluded in 1443, which left every thing cn the prefent footing between the parties. No fooner was this agreed upon, than Charles employed himfelf with great induflry and judgment in repairing thofe numberlefs ills to which his kingdom, from the continuance of wars both foreign and domeftic, had fo long been expofed. He eftabhflied difcipline a- mong his troops, and juftice among his governors. He revived agriculture, and repreffed fadion. Thus being prepared once more for taking the field, he took the firil favourable occafion of breaking the truce ; and Normandy was at the fame time invaded by four powerful armies } one commanded by Charles himfelf, France.
AfFairs of a fecond by the duke of Brittany, a third by the count of Alengon, and a fourth by the count Dunols. Every place opened its gates ahnoft as foon as the French appeared before them. Rouen was the only one that promifed to hold out a fiege ; but the inhabitants cla- moured fo loud for a farrender, that the duke of Somerfet, who commanded the garrifon, was obliged to capitulate. The battle, or rather the ikirmifh, of Fourmingi, was the lall fbnd which the EngliPn made in defence of their French dominions. However, they were put to the rout, and above a thoufaud were fl-iin.. All Normandy and Guienne, that had fo long acknowledged fubjedion to England, were loft in the fpace of a year; and the Engliflr faw themfclves entirely dif- pofieffed of a country which for above three centuries they had conlidered as annexed to their native donilnions. Calais alone remained of all their conqneifs ; and this was but a fmall co'mpenfatiun for the blood and treafure which had been laviihed in that country* and only ferved to gratify ambition with a tranfient aj> plaufe.
Thus, in the year 1450, the power of the Enghdi in France was entirely defboyed ; and Charles defer- vedly obtained the furname of Fidor'ioiis, on account of the vigour he had fliown in driving out the invaders of his country. LJis fatisfaftlon, however, was now 106 greatly diminifhed by domeflic misfortunes. The dau.- Domeftic phin, forgetting the allegiance and filial duty he owed mi'^f'>' t"ne to his father, had alt'eady impeded his conquefts by his J^jfaJeg*" feditious intrigues. He had ufed every endeavour to thwart the defigns of his miniflers, and it was fuppofed that he had deftroyed Agnes Sorellle his father's favourite miftrefs by poifon. He had married Charlotte daughter to the duke of Savoy ; which Charles had refented by a declaration of war againft the duke, but had been perfuaded to recall it in order to profe- cute the war againft Guienne, which made part of the dominions of the Enghfh. At latt, weary of the dif- obedlence of his fon, he commanded him to be arrefted; but Louis, informed of his defign, withdrew to Franche Comte, and afterwards to Brabant ; of which the duke of Burgundy (at this time fovereign of the country) was no fooner apprifed, than he ordered him to be fupplied with every neceffary, and treated with all imaginable refpedl. He refufed to fee him, however, until he fhould obtain the approbation of his father ; on which Louis, having in vain attempted to draw the duke into a participation of his crimes, employed himfelf in fowing diffenfion betwixt his benefaAor and his fon the count of Charolois, at the very time that he
himfelf was receiving a penfion of 12,000 crowns annually from the father. Thus he at laft deftroyed the domeftic peace of his benefaftor, while his unnatural behaviour created continual fufplcians in the mind of his father. Charles was repeatedly informed that his own domeftics, along with his undutiful fon, were in a confpiracy againft his life. The miferable monarch, therefore, in continual fear of being poifoned, and ha- ving none in whom he could repofe any confidence, obftinately refufed for fome days to take any nourifh- ment ; and when at laft prevailed upon by the importunities of his attendants to do fo, his ftomach had become incapable of receiving food, fo that he died for want of fuftenance in the year 1461. His body, negleded by.his unnatural fon, was interred at the ex- pence 107 Reign of Louis XL pence of Tannegui de Chaftel, who had been his faith- ful companion.
On the death of Charles, his fon Louis fucceeded to the throne, to which he had fo long afpired. He was reckoned one of the greattft politicians that ever exillcd ; though his charader was not on chat account the more amiable ; on the contrary, there are few princes whofe hiftory appears in a more deteftable hght.
So deftitute was he of natural alfeftion, that he did not even attempt to conceal his joy at his father's death. He pretended inuch friendship for -the count of Charolois, fon to the duke of Burgundy, on account of the proteftion he had received at his fa- ther's court ; and even conferred upon him a penfion of 12,000 crowns annually: but all this ihow of affec- tion foon degenerated into a mortal averfion on both fides. Some differences which took place between the cowits of France and Caftile produced an interview betwixt the two monarchs, Louis, and Henry fur- riamed the Impotent. They met at Mauleon on the confines of Navarre : but their negociations came to nothing, and they arted with a mutual contempt of each other ; Henry defpifing the mean and fordid ap- pearance of Louis, as he in his turn did the gaudy roagniliccnce of Henry. In, his negociations with the duke of Burgundy, Louis proved more fuccefsful; per- fuading him to reflore fome towns on the river Somme, which had been ceded by Charles VIL and by the poireffion of which the duke was in effedl mailer of Picardy. This cefBon was oppofed by the count of Charolois ; but Louis, by corrupting John de Croy the duke's minltler, obtained his end; and for the fum of 400,000 crowns the cities were delivered to him. By this tranfaftion he efFctlually enfured the hatred of Charolois: and even in that very tranfadion the duplicity of Louis was eminently dilplayed ; for though he had agreed to retain in thofe towns the officers ap- pointed by the duke, he was no fooner in poffeffion of them than he difplaced them all, and nominated others 108 in their Head.
Formidable The duchy of Brittany was at this time governed a^ain^"*^^ Francis, a weak but generous princt?, and whofe ilouis. defeft of capacity was fupplied by the abilities of his minifters. Him Louis infulted in the mofl grievous manner ; and as Francis found himfelf unable to op- pofe fuch a powerful adverfary alone, he joined in a i clofe alliance with the duke of Burgundy and the count of Charolois ; the latter having been gricvoufly ' offended with Louis, and even accufed him of attempting his hfe. The confpiracy was joined by feveral of the principal French nobility, who had been oppreffed by the king ; and though the fecret was confided to upwards of 500 perfons, not one of them ever di- vulged it. Louis finding matters become very critical, marched with an army towards the capital, which the count of Charolois already infulted. A battle enfued, in which both princes exerted themfelves to the ut- moit, though their valour was but ill feconded by the bravery of their troops. About 1500 perifhed on each fide; but the count of Charolois remained mailer of the field of battle. Louis, however, after this en- gagement, entered the capital; where he endeavoured, by every kind of concefiion he could think of, to conciliate the afi'edtion of his fubjefts ; in which he fuc- ceeded fo well, that though the army of infurgents France. w as foon augmented to more than 100,000 men, they were unable to make themfelves mailers of the city. " ' At lafl a treaty was fet on foot betwixt Louis and the p^^^^^n. count of Charolois; by Vv-hich the latter obtained thej-juj,^, towns which had been formerly ceded, with the diftrifts of Boulogne, Guilne, Peronne, Mc'ndidior, and Roye, as a perpetual inheritance for himfelf. By granting favours to the other confederates, the league j^.^ was broken ; and the moment that Louis found him- Treachery felf freed from danger, he protefled againfl the whole of Lou^a, treaty in prefence of fome conndential members of parliament, as contrary to the interefts of the crown ; and therefore waited the firfl favourable opportunity to cruflr one by ona thofe who had been ready by their united efforts to deflroy himfelf. The duke of Bourbon, one of the mofl able of the confederates, waa gained over, by bellowing upon him in marriage Jane the natural daughter of Louis himfelf, with the dowry of Uffon in Auvergne ; together with Moras, Beaurcpaire, and Cormillon in Dauphiny; while, by the dif- contents betwixt the dukes of Brittany and Normandy, he was enabled to fee u re the neutrality of the former, and to recover from the latter fome territories which he had unwillingly ceded to him. In 1467, Philip duke of Burgundy, from his amiable qualities furnamed The Goody died,- and left his dominions to his fon Charles count of Charolois. That fiery and Impetuous prince, jealous of the growing power of France, and an implacable enemy of Louis, had entered into a fecret treaty with Francis ; but Louis had driven the Bretons from the polls they oc- cupied in Normandy before the duke of Burgundy could pafs the Somme. The king, however, alarmed, at the power of the confederates, concluded a peace with Brittany; and, confiding in his talents for negociation, determined to have a perfonal interview with the duke of Burgundy. Nr
This memorable interview took place in thr year Louis im- 1468; and Peronne, a city of Picardy, but belong- pnionevl by irig to the duke of Burgundy, was appointed as the ^place of rendezvous. To this place the politic Louis repaired with a flender train, and attended only by Cardinal Bahie, the duke of Bourboti, and the count de St Pol, conflable of Fiance ; fcemingly without re- fledling that he was entering an hollile city, where he might be confined for any length of time, or treated at the pleafure of the duke, wlio was his mortal enemy.
Indeed he had not long been in the place when he be- gan to fee the error of his conduct ; and by the daily concourfe of Burgundian lords and other perfons of rank, who were his avowed enemies, he became alarmed for his perfonal fafety. His fear now fuggefled to him a worfe meafure than even the former and he requefled apartments in the caflle, where it was in the power of his rival in a moment to make hira a clofe prifoner. This event accordingly took place, and that through the arts and machinations of Louis himfelf. His defign had been from the beginning ta keep the duke of Burgundy conflantly employed ia domeltic wars. For this purpofe he had, before his interview with Charles, excited the inhabitants of Liege, who were fubjeft to the duke of Burgundy, to revolt. It is mofl probable, that he did not imagine the effedls of this treachery would fo foon begin to appear. At the very time, however, that Louis was in in the caftleof Peronne, the people of Liege revaltcd, people of France, and threatened to fj3cnfice to the France,' feized the bifhop and governor ; and havin > maHacred memor^ ita A treaty between l^ouis and cCharks. ry of the duke of Guicnne every one who now? fell " into his hands. The citizens of Ncfle were malTacred p^rfJul iri without diilindlion of fex or age ; Beaavis refilled his vafion of attacks; after which Charles wreaked his fury on other France by places. Having entered the country of Caux, he re- ^!'-aWeso£ duced the cities of Eu and St Valery, burnt Longue- ^"^'"''^^ ville, and watted the whole country as far as Rouen.
Louis, on the other hand, fteady and conftant in his dertgns, determined to difiblve the league between the duke of Brittany and Edward IV. of England. Accordingly he encamped with his army on the frontiers of Brittany ; while the duke, not meeting with the afliftance promifed by Edward, was obliged to confent to a truce for a year; and the duke of Burgundy himfclf was obliged to follow his example, having committed fuch devaftaticurf as deprived him of all means of fubfitlence in the countiy, io that he could neither advance nor retreat. In a very little time, however, he again began to confpire with the king of England again il liOuis, and a powerful invafion was determined upon. Edward was to crofs the fea with an army ofinvaiionhy 10,-- 00 men, while Charles affembled all his forces to Edward iV. great numbers of the adherents of Charles, retired with the prifoners they had made to the capital. Charles was foon informed of this maffacre, with the additional circumilance, chat the ambalTadors of Louis vere feen animating the infurgents to their work of dtftrutlion. He then flew into a tranfport of rage ; commanded the gates of the caftle to be Ihut and ftiidlly guarded ; denouncing the fevereft vengeance on the perfidious monarch who had fo often deceived him. Louis, however, though greatly, and no doubt veryjuftly, alarmed, did not negle£l to take the pro- per methods for fecuring hirafelf. He dillributed large fums of money among thofe officers to whom "he ima- gined the duke was molt inclined to pay any regard, and by fplendid promifes and prefents endeavoured to allay the refentment of his other enemies. At laft the refentment of Charles having fublided, he entered into a treaty with the king, and concluded it upon much the fame terms as thofe which had been agreed upon before. His refentnient, huwever, iUll manifefted it- felf fo far, that he infiited upon Louis being prefent at the punilliment he uiflicted upon the inhabitants of join him. "^i'he former was alfo to fet up a claim to '^^ Eiiglan Liege for the maflacre they had committed, and of which we have already taken notice. Tliis was agreed to: the two princes formed the fiege of the city in conjunction ; and, notwithRanding the obitinate de- fence of the people, it was at lafl taken by ftorm, and the inhabitants maflacred. It was not long, however, before ti>e new alliance was diffolved. A confederacy againft Louis, vdiom neither promifes nor treaties could bind, was formed betwixt his own brother the duke of Normandy and the duke of Burgundy ; but before their meaiures were ripe for execution, Louis had already commenced hoftilities. The duke of Burgundy, as a peer of France, was fummoncd to parlia- ment ; and on his refufal, the conftable St Pol made htmfelf mailer of St Qu^intin. Several other cities were foon after reduced ; and Baldwin, the natural brother of Charles, corrupted by Louis, deferted his caufe; and the haughty fpirit of the duke was thus at laft obliged to condefcend to folicit a peace. This, however, was of no long duration. Charles, encou- raged by the fuccefs of Edward IV. of England his brother-in-law, began once more to league againft Louis with the dukes of Brittany and of Guienne; tke latter being the king's brother, formerly duke of Nor- mandy, but who had exchanged that duchy for the territory of Guienne. But while the affairs of 'the confederates feemed to be in a profperous way, their profpefts were fuddenly ovcrcall by the death of the duke of Guienne, virhich was univerfahy fuppofed to have been occafioned by poifon, and Louis was as unlverfally looked upon as the author. The abbot of St Joan d'Angeli was fixed upon as the immediate perpeti-ator of the deed : but on the day appointed for his trial he was found ilrangled in his cell ; and this alio was with great probability fuppofed to have been the deed of Louis, who after the death of hh brother in- llantly feized on the territory of Guieime, and annexed it to the dominions of France. By this unheard of conduft of the French monarch, Charles was exafperated to fuch a degree, that he vowed the molt dreadful vengeance agamJft the unhappy the crown of Fi'ance, and at leaft to obtain the provinces of Normandy and Guienne ; the duke was to have Champagne with fome adjacent diftridts ; to fi-ec his dominions from homage ; and neither party was to make peace without the confent of the other. It was fuppofed that the duke of Brittany would naturally accede to the confederacy ; and the count de St Pol, conftable of France, had engaged to deliver up the town of St Q_uintin and others which he oc- cupied on the river Somme. Louis, however, ftill had the good fortune to avoid the ilorm. Charles, inftead of advancing to the affiflance of Edward, who had entered France at the head of 15,000 archers and ijeo men at arms, laid fiege to the city of Nuiz on the Rhine ; while the conftable St Pol, inftead of delivering up the towns as he had promifed, deceived his allies, and enabled Louis to dilToIve a confederacy, which, had it been vigoroufly maintained, might have involved him in the greateft difficulties. To procure the departure of Edward, however, he was obliged to confent to a tribute of 75,000 crowns, as well as to LoJis fettle on the king himfelf 50,000 crowns for life ; be- agrees to trothing alfo the dauphin to the eldeft daughter of pay an an- the king of England. The duke of Burgundy e^- "'-''^^ P*^"' claimed loudly againft this treaty: but Edward per-^°rd°^^* fifted in his refolution ; and it was accordingly ex- ecuted at a place called Pecqulgny, near Amiens ; but in fuch a manner as fhowed the little confidence the two fovereigna repofed in each other. A grated barrier was ei-eded in the middle of the bridge of Pecquigny, belweeir the barriers of which only a man's arm could pafs : the two princes appeared on the oppofite fides of it ; and having confeiTed privately, and confirmed the treaty between them, parted with many proteftations of friendfhip ; in which, probably, neither party was very fincere. A power was referved by Edward, for the duke of Bui-gundy to accede to the treaty ; but the latter haughtily i-epHed, that he was able to fupport himfelf without the affiftance of England ; and that he would make no peace with Louis till three months after the return of Edward to his ow«I country country. To t'ais refolution he adhered; but no foon- —\—- er was the term expired, than he concluded a truce with Louis for nine years. The ftipulations publiclyap-reed upon betwixt thefe two princes confilted only in fome articles for the mutual advantage of their fubjefls ; but privately they had figned others of a dif- ferent nature, 'i'he conftable St Pol having rendered himfelf obnoxious to all parties by his complicated treachery, fled to Mons In Hainault ; but the duke of Burgundy had already confented to deHver him up on condition of receiving his eilates and moveables as the price of his treschery.
Thus was Louis, witliout any other remarkable qualification than the mere arts of falfehood and dupHcity, got rid of all his enemies except the duke of Bur- gundy, whofe growing power rendered In'm a conllant object of jeaktufly and terror. His own imprudence harks en-^'"^ raOinefs, however, foon proved his ruin. Having fat'csina raflily engaged in a war with the Swifs, he was de- feated in the firft engagement with that martial nation, with the lofs of his military chell and baggage, with his plate and jewels, fujipofcd to be the richeft in Europe. His difappcintnient on this occafion was fo great, that he was feiztd with a fevere ficknefs, from which he had hardly recovered when he refumed his mad fcheme of conquering the Swifs. Another battle enfued ; in which, after an obiUnate difpute, Charles was defeated with the lofs of 18, coo men, himfelf efcaping with great difficulty. This difafter was fol- lowed by the defection of moft of his allies : the dnke of Lorrain recovered the city of Nancy and great part of bis dominions which Charles had feized ; while the latter, overwhelmed with fliame and difappointment, fpent his time in folitude and inaftivity. From this he v.'as at laft roufed by the misfortunes which fell up- on him in fuch quick fuccefiion. He now invefted the city of Nancy ; and in this, as well as in every other inllance, he afted againft the advice of his beft officers ; and the confequences were ft ill more fatal than before. The duke of Lorrain adva».iced with a flrong body of Geimans to the relief of the city, while Charles had fcarcely 4CC0 men to oppofe him. His troops were iberefore eafily defeated, and himfelf, not- withlianding the moft heroic efforts of valour, hurried away in the crowd. The count de Carapobailo, an Italian nobleman in whom he put a great deal of confidence, but who was in reality a traitor, had deferted with about 8c men in the beginning of the engagee is affaf- ment. He left i 2 or 15 men about the duke's perated. fon, with Uriel orders to afiaffinate him in the tumult; and this oi der they pundlually cornplied with ; the body of Charles being found two days after the battle, pierced with three wounds. The news of Charles's death was received with the moft unfeigned jcy by Louis, whofe fole objcft now was to unite the territories of tlie duke of Burgundy ionqufftof**^ his own. This might be done in two ways; one iurgi;ndy bv a match betwixt the dauphin and Mary the heirefs Louis, of Burgundy ; the other, by marrying her ro the duke of Angouleme, a piinceof the royal blood of France, and on whom Mary had fhown foirie inclination to be- ftow htrfelf. The king, however, to whom duplicity and fallthood feem to have been abfolutely neccfikry, chofe a third method, more agreeable to his charaAer. The match with the daupliin was. attended with iuch ci^rcumftances a? rcnd.n-cd it evidently impraflicaMe. France. The difparity of age was very great, the dauphin be- ^r——ing oiily eight years old, and the pincefs twenty ; the Flemings wt re befides very much averfe from fubmittlng to a prince whofe powerful refources would enable him to opprefs thdr liberties ; but, notwithllanding thefe infurniountable difficulties, Louis chofe to infill upon the match, at the fame time that he endeavoured to make himfelf mafter of her dominions by force of aims. He addrefled circular letters to the principal cities of Burgundy ;' reprefenting, that the duchy had been given by king John to the male heirs of his fon Philip ; and that now, when thefe were extindl by the death of Charles, the territoiy reverted of courfe to the crown. To render this argument more eftedual, he corrupted the governors of fome towns, feduced the inhabitants of others to tife againit their governors; wjiihl he himfelf, at the head of an army, pre- pared to enforce obedience from thofe who could not be worked upon by other methods. Thus the province of Burgundy was entirely reduced ; but Flanders could not be brought under fubjetlion either by fair means, force, or fraud. In his conduft for this purpofe, indeed, Louis difplayed the moft detcftable as well as the meaneft treachei y and falfehood. To ren- der Mary odious to her fubjcfts, he negociated with her minifters, and prevailed upon them to difclofe to him fome of the moft important ftate feciets ; after which he communicated their letters to the ftates of Flanders. This double treachery, however, did not at prefent anfwer his purpofe. The two minifters whom he had betrayed were indeed put to death with- out mercy, and that even in the prefenCe of their fo- vereign : but Mary herfelf was thus induced to be- ftow herfelf upon the emperor Maximilian ; and Louis had the mortiiication to find that all his arts had contributed only to aggrandize a rival power, whom he had already fufiicient caufe to dread. To remedy thir, overfight, he entered into an alliance with Edward IV. of England, whom lie had inlpired with a jealoufy of his brother Clarence, in order to prevent a match be- twixt that nobleman and the princefs Mary, which had alfo been in agitation. Thus a peace was concluded bet vveen the two m.onarchs, to continue during the life of each, and for a year after. The marriage of Mary with Maximilian eftedually fecured the independence of Flanders ; while the re- turn of the prince of Orange to the party of that princefs extended the flames of war once more to the cities of Burgundy. The French were on the point of being totally expelled from that country, when Maximilian unexpededly made propofals of peace. A - truce was on this concluded between the two princes ; but without any term limited for ics duration, orwithout any conditions ftipulatcd in favour of the Burgundians ; fo that the whole country was quickly after reduced by Louis. The king now, freed from the apprehenfion of fo-TyrIn?7 reign enemies, turned his vindiftive difpofition againft an Icruelf/, his own fubjedts ; over whom, under pietence of for- ^'^"'s* mer rebellions, he exercifcd the moft infupportable ty- ranny. The principal victim to his fanguinary difpofition on this occafion was James d'Armagnac duke of Nemours, one of the firft noblemen in the kingdom, but who had formerly appeared a zealous confederate againft; ^ Fr-incc. No Burgundy unfuccefs- fuUy inva- ded by Maximiagainfl him in the league ih which Edward and Charles were concerned. The unfortunate nobleman, knowing that vengeance was determined again (t him, fled to a fortrefs named Carlat, lituated among the mountains of Auvergne. Here he was befieged by the Seigneur <3e Beaujeu, who had married Anne the daughter of Louis. The place, however, was almoft impregnable to any force ; fo that his enemies were obhged to make the moft folemn prom-ifes of fafety in order to induce him to furrender himfclf. By thefe he was at laft per- fnaded to trull lilnifelf in the hands of the falthlefs tvrant ; who no fooner had him in his power than he fhut him up in the Bailile in an iron cage, and reprimanded the judges becaufe they had releafed him from this clofe coufiiK-ment during the time of his examination. The judges reluAantly condemned him to be beheaded : but the king's cruelty extended beyond the fentence ; and he ordered the two young foiis of the duke, though yet m early childhood, to be placed di- veftly undtir the fcafFold, that they might be covered with the blood of their father. Four thoufand perfons are fuppofed to have periflied upon this occafion witliout any form of trial : and were it not for the concurrent teftimony of the hiftorians of that age, the inhumanities and barbarities of this monarch are fcarce to be credited. By thefe he broke the fpivits of the French nobihty, and gradually extended the power of the crown beyond all bounds ; fo that at lall it was li- mited only by the fovenfign's pleafure. Amidft all the perfidy and cruelty, however, for which this monarch is fo juftly to be detefted, we may on fomc occafions remark a kind of magnanimity and generofity, which we cannot' but applaud. An inftance of this was his fupporting the houfe of Medici againft pope Sextus, whom he obhged to dclift from his attacks, and to recall his fentence which he had fulminated againft them.
In 1479* the emperor Maximilian, who had lightly abandoned the duchy of Burgundy when he might have reduced it, now renewed his claims when it was no longer in his power to enforce them. After a va- riety of aftions of lefTer note, and the deftruclion of cities on both fides, a dccifive battle was fought at Guinegate. Here the Flemings were routed ; but as the French purfued with too great ardour, the infantry of the enemy rahied, and the battle was renewed with great flaughter on both fides. A more decifive advan- tage was afterwards gained by the capture of 80 Flemiflt vefTels, which induced that commercial people to think of peace. In the mean time, however, Louis, after a hfe fpent in continual deceit, hypocrify, and cruelty, received warning of his approaching end by a fit of apoplexy with which he was feiz>;d in the year 1480. He lay fpeechlefs and motionlefs for two days ; after which he recovered in fome degree, but never completely regained his health and itrength.
His illnefs, however, neither prevented him from pur- fuing the fchemes of his ambition, nor from ufing the fame methods as before to attain them. He feized, without any pretence, the eftatcs of the duke of Bourbon, the only nobleman in the kingdom whofe power could give him any caufe of fufpicion ; yet, notwithftanding his afliduity for the intereft of the dauphin, he kept him a kind of piifoner in the callle of Amboife, permitting none but his own fervants, or per- N°i3i. 5 fons of the meaneft rank, to have accefs to him. He Franca. baniflied his own confort, the mother of the dauphin, v to Savoy, and endeavoured to infpire the prince witii averfion towards her. By the death of Charles, the titular king of Naples, and the lafl of the fecond houfe of Anjou, he became mafter of the county of Pro* vetice ; but his fatisfaftion on this occafion was marred by a fecond ftroke of apoplexy. Still, however, he revived, and, with his recovery, again began to purfue his ambitious intrigues. The death of Mary of Burgundy, who peridied by a fall from her horfe, in- fpired him with new views ; and he betrothed his foa to the infant daughter of the emperor. Thus he of- fended Edward IV. of England, whofc eldcll daughter Elizabeth had been previoufly contracted to the dauphin ; and a war would have un.ior.btedly enfued, had it not been for the death of the king of England.
This was followed in no long time after by that of D.^jfj ,.f Louis lA'mfelf, who had in vain exhaulled the fitill of Louis XI, the phyfician, and wearied the clerical order with prayers and proceffions to avert the impending ftroke. He expired in the year 1483, after a reign of 23 years ; during which he was detefted by his fubjefts, whom he had continually oppreffed ; and equally dreaded arid hated by his neighbours, whom he nad conftanti) de- ceived ; notwithflanding which he obtained the title of Mojl Chri/Iiati from his holinefs, which his fucceffors have ever after retained. Notwithftanding the dark charafter of this prince, it is undoubtedly to be allowed, that he hid the foundations of the future greatnefs of France. By his arts he deprived the common people of their liberty, depreffed the power of the nobility, eftabliflieda ftand- ing army, and even induced the Hates to render many taxes perpetual, which formerly were only temporary, in order to fupport the army which was to keep themfelves in flavery. From this time the people were ac- cuftomed to fubmit entirely to the voice of their fo- vereign as their only legiflator ; and being always obedient in matters of the greattil confequence, they cheerfully contributed whatever funis were required to fulfil the king's pleafure. j^i Charles VIII. who fucceeded his father Louis XI. Reign of in 1483, wa« only 14 years of age at the time of his ^^a. VIM, father's death : but though he might, even at that age, have afcended the tlirone without any material violation of the laws of France, yet it was judged neceffary to have a regent on account of the king's delicacy of conftitution and want of education. Three competitors appeared as candidates for this important truft, viz. John duke of Bourbon, a prince of the blood, and who had, till the age of 60, maintained the moft unblemii'hid charafter ; Louis duke of Orleans, preiumptive heir to the crown, but who from his being only 20 years old himfelf, feemed incapaci- tated on that account from undertaking fuch an Important office : the third competitor was Anne, the eldeft daughter of Louis, to wiiom the latter had in the laft moments of his Hfe committed the charge of  the kingdom, with the title of governefs. The claim of this lady was fupported by the affembly of the R-^.ency ftates-general at Tours ; and though ihe v/as only en- the La'iy tsred into the 2 2d year of her age, it appears that the ^^''"i'^'^'* office could not have been more properly beftowed. Being married to l\tcr of Bourbon, lire of Beaujeu, her her prefent title was the Lady of Beaujeu ; but flte ap- pears to have a£led entirely independent of her huf- band, who was but of a moderate capacity, and in- deed had been recommended to her by Louis on ac- count of his {lender abilities, left by any other match the houfe of Bourbon (hould be too much aggrandized. Her firft ftep was to ingratiate herfelf with the people by fome popular adls ; among which one was to punifh the inftruments of her father's cruelties. One of thefe, named Olivier le Dain, who, from the ftation of a barber, had raifed himfelf to the confi- dence and favour of the king, and had dillinguiihed himfelf by the invention of new modes of torture, was publicly hanged. Another, named Jean Doyac, who by continual afts of violence and rapacity had oppreffed the people, was condemned, after being whipped in all the open places or fquares of Paris, to have one of his ears cut off, and his tongue pierced with a hot iron ; after which he was conveyed to his native city of Montferrand, where he was again whipped, and his other ear cut off ; after which his eftates, as wtU as thofe of Olivier, were confifcated. Jacques Coitier, the phyfician of Louis, who had availed himfelf of the terror of death with which the king was ftrongly influenced, to extort great fums of money from him, was ordered to anfwer for the immenfe wealth he had acquired ; but he averted the danger by paying a fine of 50,000 crowns. Thus the lady de Beaujeu gained the affeAIon of the people at large ; and was equally fuccefsful in gaining over thofe who were averfe to her government.
The duke of Bourbon was made conftable, an office which he had long defired ; but the duke of Orleans behaved in fuch a manner as to exclude all hopes of favour. Incenfed at the determination of a trifling difpute at tennis againft him, by the lady Beaujeu, he exclaimed, that whoever had decided it in that manner *' was a liar if a man, or a ftrumpet if a woman." After this furious declaration he fled to the cafl;le of Bcaujency, where, however, he was foon forced to furrender. He then applied to Henry VH. of England, who had newly afcended the throne of England; but that prince, naturally flow and cautious, did not pay much attention to his propofals ; on which he next made his applica- tion to the court of Brittany. Here he was received with great marks of efteem, and began to entertain •hopes of marrying the daughter of the duke ; but be- ing looked upon with a jealous eye by the nobility, they entered into fecret negociations with Anne, and even foliclted her to invade the country. In thefe ne- gociations, however, they ftipulated that only a certain number of troops fliould enter the province, and that no fortified place ftiould remain in the hands of the French; which conditions were indeed agreed to by the regent, though flie determined to keep them no longer than it anfwered her purpofe. In purfuance of this refolution, Brittany was invaded at once by four armies, each of them fuperior to the ftipulated number, who quickly made themfelves matters of the moft im- portant places in the country ; while the troops of the duke retired in difguft, leaving them to purfue their conqucfts as they pleafed. Finding at laft, however, that the entire fubjcftion of their country was de- termined upon, the nobility began to exert themfelves in defence of it ; and, Inflamed by the enthufiafna of liber- VoL.VIL PartlL ty, they ralfed an army of 60,000 men. By thefe the France. French were compelled to abandon the ficge of Nantz: but this proved only a tranfient gleam of fuccefs. Anne perfevered in her defign of completing the conqueft of the country, and the ftate of Europe at that time fa- voured the defign. Of all the European ftates, England alone was then capable of affording any effedual affiftancc ; and the flow caution of Henry prevented him from giving the alfiftance which for his own intereft he oilght to have done. Thus the Bretons were left to defend themfelves the beft way they could ; and having ventured a battle, they were entirely defeated, and moft of their leaders taken prifoners. A fmall bo- dy of Englifli, under the command of lord WoodvIUe, who afiifted them, were entirely cut in pieces. The duke foon after died by a fall from his horfe, leaving his dominions to his daughter Anne, at that time only 1 3 years of age. A marriage was negociated betwixt this princefs and Maximilian king of the Romans, who had been married to Mary of Burgundy ; but by rea- fon of the poverty of that prince it was never completed. The lady Beaujeu, then, finding that the ab- Marriage folute conqueft of Brittany would ftlU be a difficult between matter, determined to conclude a marriage betwixt the king the young king of France and the duchefs, though the former had already been married to Margaret of Auf- chefs of tria, the daughter of Maximilian. This marriage in- Brittany, deed had not been confummated by reafon of the ten- der age of the princefs ; but flie had been fent to Paris for her education, and had for feveral years been treat- ed as queen of France. In 1 491, however, Margaret was fent back to her father : Anne of Brittany for a long time refijfed to violate the engagements into which flie had entered ; but at laft, finding herfelf diftrefled on all fides, and incapable of refifting the numerous forces of France with which flie was preflTed, flie re- luftantly c-jhfented to the match, and the nuptials were celebrated the fame year at Langeais in Touralne. Maximilian, whofc poverty had prevented him from giving any afliftance to his bride, or even from coming to fee her, enraged at the double difgrace he had fuf- fered, began, when too late, to think of revenge. / France was now threatened with an invafion from the united forces of Auftria, Spain, and England. But this formidable confederacy was foon diflipated.
Henry, whofe natural avarice had prevented him from giving the neceflary affiftance, was bought off with money : the Immediate payment of 745,000 crowns, and the promlfe of 25,000 annually ever after, perfuaded him to retire into his own country, Ferdinand king of Spain had the counties of Rouflillon and Cerdagne reftored to him; while Maximilian was gratified by the ceflion of part of Artols, which had been acquired by Louis XI. The young king of France agreed to thefe terms His expedi- the more readily, that he was impatient to undertake tion into ' an expedition into Italy, in order to conquer the king- Italy, and dom of Naples, to which he claimed a right. Moft of his counfellors were againft the expedition ; but the king was inflexible, even though Ferdinand king of Naples offered to do homage for his kingdom, and pay him a tribute of 50,000 crowrns a-year. He appointed Peter duke of Bourbon regent in his abfencc ; after which he fet out on his expedition wkh very few 3 H troops France, troops and very little money. By the way he fell ill ^"""y^ of the fmall-pox, but in a fliort time recovered, and en- tering Italy with only 6coo horfe and 12,000 foot, he was attended with the moil furpiifing fuccefs, traver- fing the whole country in fix weeks, and becoming
niaitcr of the kingdom of Naples in lefs than a fort- night. Such extraordinary good fortune feemed miraculous; and he was reckoned an initrument raifed up by God to deftroy the execrable tyrants with which Italy was at that time infefted. Had Charles made ufe of this prepoffeffion in his favour, and adted up to the charafter generally given him, he might have rai- fed his name as high as any hero of antiquity. His be- haviour, however, was of a very different nature. He 3- mufed himfelf with feafts and flwws ; and leaving his power in the hands of favourites, they abandoned it to whoever would purchafe titles, places, or authority, at the rates they impofed ; and the whole force he pro- pofed to leave in his nev/ conquered dominions amounted to no more than 4000 men. But while Charles was thus lofing his time, a league was concluded againft him at Venice ; into which ent-ered the pope, the emperor Maximilian, the archduke Philip, Ludowic Sforza, and the Venetians. The confederates alTembled an army of 40,000 men, commanded by Francis marquis of Mantua ; and they wailed for the king in the valley of Farnova, in the duchy of Parma, into which he defcended with 9000 men. On the 6th of July 1 495 he attacked the allies ; and, not- withftanding their great fuperiority, defeated them, with the lofs of only 80 of his own men. Thus he got fafe to France ; but his Italian dominions were loft almoft as foon as he departed. Some fchemes were laS propofed for recovering thefe conquefts ; but they were as death, never put in execution, and the king died of an apo- plexy in 1498. The premature death of this monarch, in the 28th year of his age, was fuppofed to have been owing to his irregular life, and particularly his attachment to wo- men ; which had for fome time impaired his health, and brought on evident fymptoms of his approaching difiblution. At laft he relinquifbed his irregularities, and retired with the queen to the caftle of Ambloife.
Here in pafling through alow door he ftruck his head with violence againft the top. No unfavourable fymptom appeared at the time ; but foon afterwards, as he converfed v/ith his conftfTor, and avowed his deiign of obferving the nuptial fidelity he owed to the queen, he fuddenly fell backward in a fit of apoplexy. He recovered his voice three times, and uttered fome expreifions of devotion ; but inftantly relapfed, and in a ihort time expired, notwithftanding every afliftance that could be given. ]^e was greatly celebrated for his fweet temper and agreeable difpofition, which pro- cured him the furnames of the Affable and Courteous. Two of his domeftics are faid to have died of grief after his death, and his widow abandoned- herfelf to the moft pungent forrow for tiuo days. By the death of Charles VIII. the throne of France paffed from the direft line of the houfe of Valbis, and Louis duke of Orleans fucceeded to the throne. At the time of his acccelTion he was in his 36th year, and yiad long been taught prudence in the fchool of adverfity. During the adminiftration of the Lady Beaujeu, he had been, as we have already ohfcrved, conilantly in difgrace j and after his connedions. with the duke of Brittany, had fpent a very confiderable time Trance, in prifon ; and though afterwards fet at hberty by y~" Charles, he had never pofTefTed aay fliare of that monarch's confidence or favour. Towards the conclufion of that reign, he fell under the difpleafure of the queen ; and had afterwards continued at his caftle of Blois till he was called from thence to the pofTeirion of the kingdom. He had been married in early life, and againft his will, to Jane the youngeft daughter of Louis XL 3 princefs of an amiable dif'pofition, but de- formed in her perfon, and fuppofed to be incapable of bearing children. Afterwards he entertained thoughts of having this marriage difTolved, and was fuppofed to poffefs the alfeftion of the duchefs of Brittany before fhe became q^een of France. After the death of her huft)and, that princefs retired to Brittany, where fhe pretended to affume an independent foveicignty ; but Louis having got his marriage with Jane difTolved by Pope Alexander VI. quickly after made propofals to the queen-dowager, which on her part were accepted without hcfitationj though it was flipulated, that if file Ihould have two fona, the younger ftiould inherit the duchy of Brittany.
As Louis, while duke of Orleans, had fome pretenfions to the kingdom of Naples, he inftantly fet about reahzing them by conqueft. On his acceffion, he found matters in that country much more favourable to his defigns than formerly. The pope, Alexander VI. was very much in his interefts, from the hopes of getting his fon Cisfar Borgia provided for: he had conciliated the friendfhip of the Venetians by promifing them a part of the Milanefe ; he concluded a truce with the archduke Phihp ; and renev/ed his alliances with the crowns of England, Scotland, and Denmark.
He then entered Italy, with an army of ?.o,ooo men ; Expeditlo and being afTifted by the Venetians, quickly conquered of Loir> one part of the duchy, while, tliey conquered the other, the duke himfelf being obliged to fly with his family to Infpruck. He then attacked Ferdinand of Spain with thi-ee armies at once, two to a6i by land, and one by fea ; but none of thefe performing any thing re- markable, he was obliged to evacuate the kingdom of Naples in 1504.
In 1506, the people of Genoa revolted; drove out the nobility; chofe eight tribunes; and declared Paul Nuova, a lilk-dyer, their duke : after which, they expelled the French governor, and reduced a great part of the Ri viera. This occafioned Louis's return into Italy; where, in 1507, be obliged the Genoefe to fur- render at difcretion : and, in 1 508, entered into the league of Cambray, with the otlier princes who at that time wanted to reduce the overgrown power of the Venetians. Pope Julius II. who had been the firft: contriver of this league, very foon repented of it; and declared, that if the Venetians would reftore the cities of Faenza and. Rimini, which had been unjuftly taken from him, he would be contented. This was refufed; and in 1 509, the forces of the republic received fuch an entire defeat from Louis, that they agreed to reftore not only the two cities demanded by pope Julius, but whatever elfe the .allies required. The pope now, inftead of executing his treaties with his allies, made war on the king of France without the leaft provocation. Louis called an affembly of his clergy; where it was determined, that in fome cafes it was lawful to make war upon the pope j .upon wbich 3 the cefs tljc king declared war againft him, and committed the care of his army to the Marfhall de Trivulce. He foon obliged the pope to retire into Ravenna; and jn 151 1, Gaiton de Folx, duke of Netnours, gained a great vidlory at Ravenna, but was himfelf killed in the en- gagement. After his death the army diibanded for want of pay ; and ;Iie French affairs in Italy, and every vhere elfe, fell into great confufion. They recovered the duchy of Milan, and loll it again in a few weeks. Henry VIIT. of England invaded France, and took Terruenne and Tournay; and the Swifs invaded Bur- gundy with an army of 25,000 men. In this defperate iituation of affairs the queen died, and Louis put an end to the oppofition of his moll dangerous enemies by negocrating marriages. To Ferdinand of Spain he offtred his 'fecond daughter for either of his grandfons, Charles or Ferdinand ; and to renounce, in fa- vour of that marriage, his claims on Milan and Genoa. This propofal v/as accepted ; and Louis himfelf martf^ ried the priucefs Mary, fifter to Henry VI 11. of Eng- """^"land. This marriage he did not long furvive, but died on the 2d of January 1514; and was fucceded by Francis I. count of Angoulefrne, and duke of Bretagne and Valois. The new king was no fooner feated on the throne, than he refolved on an expedition into Italy. In this he was at firft fuccefsful, defeating the Swifs at Marignano, and reducing the duchy of Milan. In 15 18, the emperor Maximilian dying, Francis was very ambitious of being his'fucceffor, and thereby reftoriug to France fuch a fplendid title, which had been fo long loft. But Maximilian, before his death, had exerted himfelf fo much in favour of Charles V. of Spain, that Francis found it impoffible to fucceed ; and from that time an irreconcileable hatred took place between the two monarchs. In 152 1, this ill-will produced a vv'ar ; which, however, might perhaps have been terminated, if Francis could have been prevailed upon to reftore the town of Fontarabia, which had been taken by his admiral Bonivet : but this being refufed, hoftilities were re- newed with greater vigour than ever ; nor were they concluded till France was brought to the very brink of deftruAion. The war was continued with various fuccefstill the year 1524; when Francis having in- vaded Italy, and laid fiege to Pavia, he was utterly de- feated before that city, and taken prifoner on the 24th of February.
This difafter threw the whole kingdom into the ut- moft confufion. The Fleraifh troops made continual inroads; many thoufand boors affembled in Alface, in order to make an invafion from that quarter ; Henry VIII. had affembled a great army, and threatened the kuigdom on that fide alfo; and a party was form* ed in the kingdom, in order to difpoffefs the duchefs of the regency, and confer it upon the duke de Vendofme. This prince, however, who, after the couftable, was the head of the Houfe of Bourbon, went on pur- pofe to Lyons, where he affuied the regent that he had no view but for her fervice, and that of his country ; upon which Ihe formed a council of the ableft inen of the kingdom, and of this fhe made him piefi- dent. The famous Andrew Doria failed with the French galleys to take on board the remains of the French troops under the duke of Alva, whom4ie land- ed fafely iu France. Thofe who efcaped out of the Milanefe atfo made their way back again as well as Fran ce. ^ thev could. Henry VIII. under the Influence of car-/"-^-aJ dinal Wolfey, refolved not to opprefs the oppreffed : he therefore affured the regent that (lie had nothing to fear from him ; and at the fame time advifed her not to confent to any treaty by which France was to be difmembered. To the eraperor, however, he ufed an- other language. He told him, that the time was now come when this puiffant monarchy lay at their mercy ; and therefore, that fo favourable an opportunity ihould not be let flip : that,' for his part, he flrould be content with Normandy, Guienne, and Gafcony, and hoped the empire would make no fcruple of owning him king of France : adding, that he expefted the emperor would make a right ufe of his victory, by entering Guienne in perfon ; in which cafe he was ready to bear half the expences of the war. He forefaw what fell out : the emperor was alarmed at thefe conditions, and did not care to have him for a neighbour ; for which reafon he agreed to a truce with the regent for fix months. In Picardy the Flemings were repulfed ; and the count de Guife, with the duke of Lorrain, had the good fortune, with a handful of troops> to defeat and cut to pieces the German peafants. In the mean time, Francis was detained in captivity Francis I.' in Italy : but being wearied of his confinement in ^^'^^ ^"^^^'^j'^* country, and the princes of Italy beginning to ^^^^^ v/here he for his deliverance, he was carried to Madrid; where, figns a dif. on the 14th of January 1525, he figned a treaty, the advanta- principal articles of which were. That he fliould rcfign^^^^^"^^" to the emperor the duchy of Burgundy in full fove-''^' reignty ; that he fliould defift; from the homage which the emperor owed him for Artois and Flanders; that he fliould renounce all claim to Naples, Milan, Afti, Tournay, Lifle, and Hefdin, &c. ; that he fliould per- fuade Henry d'Albret to refign the kingdom of Navarre to the emperor, or at leaft fliould give him no af- fiilance; that within 40 days he fliould reftore the duke of Bourbon and all his party to their eftates; that he fliould pay the king of England 500,000 crowns which the emperor owed him ; that when the eraperor went to Italy to receive the Imperial crown, he fliould lend him 12 galleys, four large (hips, and a land>army, or inftead of it 200,000 crowns. All thefe articles the king of France promifcd on the word and honour of a prince to execute ; or, in cafe of non-performance, to return prifoner into Spain.
But, notwithftanding thefe profcffions, Francis had al- ready protefted before certain notaries and witneffes in whom he could truft, that the treaty he was about to fign was againft his will, and therefore null and void. On the 21ft of February, the emperor thought fit to releafe him from his prifon, in which he had been clofcly confined ever fince his arrival in Spain ; and after receiving the ftrongeft affurances from his own mouth, that he would literally fulfil the terms of the treaty, fent him under a ftrong gaurd to the frontiers, where he was exchanged for his two eldeft fons, who were to remain as hoftages for his fidelity. When the king returned to his dominions, his firft And breaks care was to get himfelf abfolved by the Pope from the it. oaths he had taken; after which he entered into a league with the pontiff, the Venetians, the duke of Milan, and the king of England, for preferving the peace of Italy. In the month of June, he publicly 3 H 2 re-received remonftrances from the dates of Burgundy ; " in which they told him, without ceremony, that by the treaty of Madrid he had done what he had no right to do, in breach of the laws and his coronation-oath ; adding, that if he perfifted in^his refolution of throwing them under a foreign yoke, they muft appeal to the General States of the kingdom. At thefe remonftrances the viceroy of Naples and the Spanifli minifters were prefent. They perceived the end which the king aimed at, and therefore expoftulated with him in pretty warm terms. At laft the viceroy told him, that he had now nothing left but to keep his royal word in returning to the caftle of Madrid, as his predeceffor John had done in^a like cafe. To this the king replied, that king John aded rightly ; that he returned to a king who had treated him like a king ; but that at Madrid he had received fuch ufage as would have been unbecoming to a gentleman: that he ^ had often declared to the emperor's minifters, that the terms they extorted from him were unjuttand impracticable : but that he was ftill willing to do all that was fit and reafonable ; and to ranfom his fons at the rate o-f two millions of gold, in lieu of the duchy of Burgundy.
Hitherto the treaty for the tranquillity of Italy had been kept fecrct, in hopes that fom.e mitigation of the treaty of Madrid would have been obtained ; but now it was judged expedient to publlfla it, though the vice- roy of Naples and the Spanifli lords were ftill at the French court ; and the emperor was to be admitted into it, provided he accepted the king's offer of two millions for the releafe of his children, and left the duke of Milan and other Italian princes in quiet poffeffionvof their dominions. It is the common misfor- tune of all leagues, that the powers who enter into them keep only their own particular intercfts in view, and thus defeat the general intention of the confederacy.
This was the cafe here. The king's great point was to obtain his children upon the terms he had propofed ; and he was defirous of knowing what hopes there were of that, before he afted againft the monarch who had them in his power. Thus the duke of Milan and the Pope wei'e both facrificed. Tlie former was obliged to furrender to the duke of Bourbon, and the latter was furprifed by the Colonnas ; both of which difafters would have been prevented if the French fuc- cours had entered Italy in time. See Italy, According to an agreement which had been made between Francis and Henry, their ambaffadors went into Spain, attended each of them by a herald, in or- der to fummon the emperor to accept the terms which had been eff^er-edhim; or, in cafe of refufal, to declare war. It feems the emperor's anfwer was forefeen in the court of France ; and therefore the king had previoufly called together an aifembly of the notables ;. that is, perfons of the feveral ranks of his people in whom he could confide. To them he propofed the great queftion. Whether he va« bound to perform the treaty of Madrid? or, Whether, if he did not perform it, he was obliged in honour to return to Spain I To both thefe quellions, the aifembly anfwered in the negative : they faid, that Burgundy was united to the crown of France, and that he could not feparate it by his own authority ; that his perfon alfo was the pro- perty of the public, of which therefore he could not dafpofe 5 but for the two millions, which they looked See Di/el, upon as a juH equivalent, they undertook that it fliould France, be raifed for his fervice. When the ambaffadors de- ——v~~" livered their propofitions, Charles treated the Englifh herald with ixfpeft, and the French one with con- tempt ; which produced a challenge from Francis to the emperor*. All differences, however, were at laft adj lifted; and a treaty was concluded at Cambray, on .pj.g^j-^ ^j. the 5th of Auguft 1528. By this treaty, inftead of Cambray. the poffeffion, the emperor contented hlmfelf with re- ferving his rights to the duchy of Burgundy, and the two millions of crowns already mentioned. Of thefe he was to receive 1,200,000 in ready money : the prince's lands in Flanders belonging to the houfe of Bourbon were to be delivered up ; thefe were valued at 400,000 more : and the remaining 400,000 were' to be paid by France in difchaige of the emperor's debt to England. Francis was likewife to difcharge the penalty of 500,000 crowns which the emperor had incui-red, by not marrying his niece the princefs Mary of England ; and to releafe a rich Jleur de lys which had been many years before pawned by the houfe of Burgundy for 50,000 crowns. The town and caftle of Hefdin were alfo yielded; together with the fove- reignty of Flanders and Artois, and all the king's pretenfions in Italy. As for the alhcs of France, they were abandoned to the empei-or's mercy, without the leaft ftipulation in their favour ; and Francis himfelf protefted againft the validity of the treaty before he ratified it, as did alfo his attorney-general before he regiftered it in parhament ; but both of them with the greateft fecrecy imaginable.
Nothing farther of much confequence happened during the remainder of the reign of Francis I. The war was foon renewed with Charles, who made an invafion into France, but with very bad fuccefs; nor was peace fully eftabliftied but by the death of Francis, which happened on the 3,d of March, 1547. He was fuc- Francis dies ceeded by his fon Henry II. who afcended the throne^" fuc- that very day on which he was 29 years of age. In^^f^'^'' the beginning of his reign, an infurreftlon happened '""^^ * in Guienne, owing to the opprefftve condu£l of the officers who levied the fait tax. The king difpatched againft the infurgents two bodies of troops ; one com- manded by the duke of Aimiale fon to tRe duke of Guife, the> other by the conftable. The firft behaved with the greateft moderation, and bi-ought back the people to their duty without making many examples:, the other behaved vvith the utmoft haughtinefs and cruelty ; and though the king afterwards remitted many of his punilhments, yet from that time the conftable became odious to the people, while the family of Guife were highly refpefted. In 1548, the king began to execute the edidls which i37 had been made againft the Proteftants with the ut- ^^"""^^P^g' moft feverity ; and, thinking even the clergy too mild pjottftanrs. in the profecution of herefy, erefted for that purpofe a chamber compofed of members of the parliament of Paris. At the queen's coronation, which happened this year, he caufed a number of Proteftants to be burned, and was himfelf prefent at the fpedacle. He was, however,, fo much (hocked, that he could never forget it ; but complained, as long as he hved, that, at certain times, it appeared before his eyes, and tr-oubled his underftanding. In 1549, a peace being concluded,with England, the king purchafed Boulogne from the latter, for the fum court the admiral Collgni, who was the head of the -~>/-~ of 400,000 crowns; one half to be paid on the day Advantageous treaty with England. of reftitution, and the other a few months after. Scotland was included in the treaty, and the Englifh reftored fome places they had taken there. This was the moft advantageous peace that France had hitherto made with England ; the vaft arrears which were due to that crown being in effedt remitted; and the penfioa which looked fo like tribute, not being mentioned, was in faft CKtinguifhed. The earl of Warwick himfelf, who had concluded the peace, was fo fenfible of the difgrace fuffered by his nation on this occafLon, tJiHt. he pretended to be fick, in order to avoid fetting his hand to fuch a fcandalous bargain. • This year, an edi£t was made to reftrain the extra- vagant remittances which the clergy had been in ufe of making to the court of Rome, and for correfting fome other abufes committed by the papal notaries. With this edift Pope JuUus III. was highly difpleafed; and the following year (1550), war was declared by the king of France againft the pope and the emperor. The pretence was, that Henry protected Octavio Farnefe duke of Parma, whom the pope was defirous of depriving of his dominions. In this war the king was threatened with the cenfures of the church, more ef- pecially when it was known that he had entered into an alliance with the Turks, andaTurkifh fleet entered Proteftant party ; and cajoled him fo, that he was ^ ' lulled into a perfeft fecurity, notwithftanding the many warnings given him by his friends, that the king's fair fpeeches were by no means to be trufted : but he had foon reafon to repent his confidence. On the 2zd of Augull 1571, as he was walking from the court to his lodgings, he received a fhot from a win- dow, which carried away the fccond finger of his right hand, and wounded him grievoufly in the left arm. This he himfelf afcribed to the malice of the duke of Gulfe, the head ^f the Catholic party. After dinner, however, the king went to pay him a viiit, and amongft others made him this compliment ; " Yoii have received the wound, but it is 1 who fuffer ;" defiring at the fame time, that he would order his friends to quarter about his houfe, and promifing ta hinder the Catholics from entering that quarter after it was dark. This fatisfied the admiral of the king's fmcerity ; and hindered him from complying with the defires of his friends, who would have carried him away, and who were ftrong enough to have forced a paffage out of Paris if they had attempted it. ^ ^ In the evening, the queen-mother, Katharine de Drea itui Medicis, held a cabinet-council to fix the execution of maflacreoi the maifacre of the Proteilants, which had been long "^he Proteo meditated. The perfons of which this council was^^"*"^*'
Henry's fuccefs a- gainll the emperor. the Mediterranean, where they threatened the Iflc of compofed, were, Henry duke of Anjou, the king's bro Gozo, and made defcents upon Sicily. Henry, how- ther ; Gonzagua duke of Nevers ; Henry of Angouever, ftrongly denied any fuch connexion, and Infifted Icfrae, grand prior of France, and baftard brother of that the emperor had given them fufficient provoca- the king ; the marfhal de tlon : but, be this as It will, the emperor foon found himfelf In fuch danger from thefe new enemies, that be could not fupport the pope as he Intended, who on that account was obliged to fue for peace. After this, the king continued the war againft the emperor with fuccefs ; reducing the cities of Toul, Verdun, and Metz. , He then entered the country of Alface, and reduced all the fortrefles between Hagenau and Wiffenburg. He failed, however, nrhis attempt on Strafburgh : and was foon after obliged by the Ger Tavannes ; and Albert de Gondi, count de Rhetz. The direftion of the whole was given to the duke of Guife, to whom the adminlftration had been entirely confided during the former reign. The guards were appointed to be In arms, and the city-oflicers were to^dlfpofe the militia to execute the king's orders, of which the fignal was the ringing of a bell near the Louvre. Some fay, that when the hour approached, which was that of midnight, the king grew undetermined : that he expreffed his horror at ihedding fo much blood, efpecially con- man princes and the Swlfs to defift from farther con- fidering that the people whom he was going to dellroy quells on that fide. This war continued with very were his fubjefts, who had come to the capital at his little interruption, and as little fuccefs o-n the part of command, and In confidence of his word ; and parti 140 the French, till the year 1557, when a peace was concluded ; and foon after, the king was killed at a He is'killed tournament by one count de Montgomery, who was at a tourna- reckoned one of the ftrongeft knights In France, and who had done all he could to avoid this encounter with the king, cubrly the admiral, whom he had detained fo lately by his carefTes. The queen-mother, however, re- proached him with his cowardice, and reprefented to him the great danger he was In from the Proteftants ; which at laft Induced him to confent. According to. others, however, the king himfelf urged on the maf- Thereignof his fucceffor Francis II. was remarkable facre ; and when It was propofed to him to takeoff only for the perfecutlon of the Proteilants ; which be- only a few of the heads, he cried out, " If any are »4i Civil wars with the came fo grievous, that they were obliged to take up arms in their own defence. This occafioned feveral civil wars, the firll of which commenced In the reign of CharleslX. who fucceeded to the throne In 1560. 1 his Proteilants. firft war continued till the year 1562, when a peace was concluded, by which the Proteilants were to have a free pardon, and liberty of confcience. In 1565, the war broke out anew, and was continued with very little Interruption till 1569, when peace was again concluded upon very advantageous terms for the Proteftants. After this, king Charles, who had now ta- ken the government into his hands, careiTed the Proteftants In an extraordinary manner. He intited to to die, let there not be one left to reproach me with, breach of faith," As foon as the fignal was given, a body of Swifs troops, of the CathoHc religion, headed by the duke of Guife, the chevalier d' Angoulefme, accompanied by many perfons of quality, attacked the admiral's houfe.
Having forced open the doors, the foremoft of the aflaffins ruflied Into his apartment ; and one of them aflc- ed if he was Coligni? To this he anfwered that he was^ adding, *' Young man, refpetl thefe grey hairs :" to which the affaffin replied by running him through the body with his fword. The duke of Guife and th&chevalier, growing Impatient below flairs, cried out to. Knew fB^ncc. "know if the bufinefs wa3 done ; and being told that it favourable to th« Proteilants, but to which they ncvef Pranrc.» was, commanded that the body fllould be thrown out trailed. Wi-*Y-«* at the window. As foon as it fell on the ground, the This year the duke of Anjou was elefted king of chevalier, or (as fome fay) the duke of Guife, wiping Poland, and foon after fet out to take polTefiion of hii the blood off the face, kicked it with his foot. The newkin?dom. The kincr accompanied him to thefron- body was then abandoned to the fury of the populace; who, after a feries of indignities, dragged it to the com- mon gallows, to which they chained it by the feet, the head being cut off and carried to the queen-mother; who, it is faid, caufed it to be embalmed and fent to tiers of the kingdom; but during the journey was fei- zed with a flow fever, which from the beginning had a very dangerous appearance. He hngered for fome J43 time under the molt terrible agonies both of body andf'eatiiof mind; and at lalt died on the 30th of May 1572, ha- '"^'"'"''^^ Rome. The king himfelf went to fee the body hang ving lived 24 years, and reigned 13. It is faid, that Upon the gibbet; where a fire being kindled under it, after the dreadful maflacre abovemenfioned, this prince part was burnt, and the reft fcorched. In the Louvre had a fiercenefs in his looks and a colour in his checks the gentlemen belonging to the king of Navarre and which he never liad before. He flept little, and never the prince of Condc were murdered under the king's found. He waked frequently in agonies, and had foft eye. Two of them wounded, and purfued by the af- raufic to compofe him again to reft faflins, fled into the bed-chamber of the queen of Navarre, and jumped upon her bed, befeeching her to fave their lives ; and as fhe went to afl< this favour of the queen-mother, two more, under the like circumliances, rufhed into the room, and threw themfelves st her feet. The queen-mother came to the window to enjoy thefe dreadful foenes ; and the king, feeing the Proteilants '44 During the firft years of the reign of Henry HI. Henry who fucceeded his brother Charles, the war with the Proteftants was carried on with indifferent fuccefs on the part of the Catholics. in 1575, a peace was concluded, called by way of eminence the EdlS ofPa' c'lfication. It confifted of no fewer than 63 articles ; the fubftance of which was, that hberty of confcience, who lodged on the other fide of the river, flying for and the public exercife of r^hgion, were granted to the their Hves, called for his long gun, and fired upon them, reformed, without any other reftridtion than that they In the fpace of three or four days, many thoufands fhould not preach within two leagues of Paris or any were deftroyed In the city of Paris, by the moft cruel other part where the court was : Party- chambers were deaths which mahce itfclf could invent. Peter Ramus, eredled in every parliament, to confiii of equal numprofelTor of phllofophy and mathematics, after being bers of Catholics and Proteftants, before whom all robbed of all he had, his belly being firft ripped open, judgments were to be tried: The judgments againil the was thrown out of a window. This fo much aSeded admiral, and, in general, all who had fallen in the war Denis LambIn the king's profeflbr, that, though a zealous Catholic, he died of terror. The firft two days, the king denied it was done by his orders, and threw the whole blame on the houfe of Guife : but, on the 38th of Auguft, be went to the parliament, avowed it, was comphmented iipon it, and directed a procefs aor been executed, were reverfed; and eight cautionary towns were given to the Proteftants. This edict, gave occafion to the Guifes to form an Cathoiie alTociation in defence, as was pretended, of the Ca- '^^g^ thohc religion, afterwards known by the name of the^^"'"*^^' Catholic League. In this league, though the king was gainft the admiral, by which he was ftigm.atized as a mentioned with refpedt, he could not help feeing that traitor. Two innocent gentlemen fuffered as his ac- it ftruck at the very root of his authority : for, as the compHces in a pretended plot againft the life of the Proteftants had already their chiefs, fo the Catholics king, in order to fet the crown on the head of the were, for the future, to depend entirely upon the prince of Conde. They were executed by torch -light ; chief of the league ; and were, by the very words of and the king and the queen-mother (with the king of it, to execute whatever he commanded, for the good of Navarre and the prince of Conde by force) were fpec- the caufe, againft any, without exception of perfons. tators of this horrid faft ; and they alfo affifted at the The king, to avoid the bad effedls of this, by the adjubilee to thank God for the execution of fuch an Infa- vice of his council declared himfelf head of the league ; mous defign. and of confeqtience recommenced the war againft the This maflacre was not confined to the city of Paris Proteftants, which was not extinguiihed as long as he alone. On the eve of St Bartholomew, orders had lived. been fent to the governors of provinces to fall upoli the Proteftants themfelves, and to let loofe the people
upon them : and though an edid was pubhilied before the end of the week, affuring them of the king's protedlion, and that he by no means defigned to extermiThe faftlon of the duke of Guife, in the mean time, took a refolution of fupporting Charles cardinal of Bourbon, a weak old man, as prefumptive heir of the crown. . In 1584 they entered into a league with Spain, and took up arms againft the king : and tho* nate them becaufe of their religion, yet private orders peace was concluded the fame year, yet in 1587 they were fent, of a nature direftly contrary; Inconfequence again proceeded to fuch extremities, that the king was of which, the maftacre, or (as, in aUufion to the SicI- forced to fly from Paris. Another reconciliation was fSei Sicily lian vefpers*, it was now ftyled) the Matim of Paris, foon after effedled; but it is generally believed thut were repeated in Meaux, Orleans, Troyes, Angers, the king from this time refolved on the deftruftiou Tholoufe, Rouen, and Lyons ; fo that in the fpace of of Guife. Accordingly, finding "that this nobleman two months 30,000 Proteftants were butchered. The ftiU behaved towards him with his ufual infolence, next year Rochelle,^the only ftrong fortrefs which the the king caufed him to be tt'abhed, as he was coming .proteftants held in France, was befieged, but was not taken without the lofs of 24,000 of the Catholics who i'bsfieged it. After this a pacificatioa enfued on t«rms into his prefcnce, by his guards, on the 23d of De^ cernber 1587. The king himfelf did not long furviv€ him ; being ilabbed by one James Clement, a Ja- cobine coblnetnonk, on the firft of Auguft 1588. His wound at flrft was not thought mortal : but his frequent fwooning quickly difcovered his danger ; and he died next morning, in the 3.9th year of his age, and 16th of his reign. Before the king's death, he nominated H^nry Bour- bon king of Navarre for his fucceffor on the throne of France ; but as he '.vas a Ptoteftant, or at leaft one who greatly favoured their cauie, he was at firft owned by very few except thofe of the Proteftant party.
He met with the moft violent oppofitton -from the members of the Catholic league ; and was often re- duced to fuch ftraits, that he went to people's houfes under colour of vifits, when in reality he had not a dinner in his own. By his activity and perfeverance, however, he was at laft acknowledged throughout the whole kingdom, to which his abjuration of the Proteftant religion contributed not a little. As the king of Spain had laid claim to the crown of France, Henry no fooner found himfelf in a fair way of being firmly feated on the thrmic, than he formally declared war againft that kingdom ; in which he at laft proved fuccefsful, and in 1597 entered upon the quiet pofl'effion of his kingdom.
The king's firft care was to put an end to the religious difputes which had fo long diftrafted the kingdom. For this purpofe, he granted the famous edift, dated at Nantes, April 13. 1598. It reeftabliftied, in a moft foiid and efFeftual manner, all the favours that had ever been granted to the reformed by other princes ; adding feme which had not been thought of before, particularly the allowing them a free admiffion to all employments of truft, profit, and honour ; the eftablifhing chambers in which the members of the two religions were equal ; and the per- mitting their children to be educated without conftraint in any of the univerfities. Soon after, he con- cluded peace with Spain upon very advantageous terms. This gave him an opportunity of reftoring order and juftice throughout his dominions; of repairing all the ravages occafioned by the civil war ; and aboliftiing all thofe innovations which had been made, either to the prejudice of the prerogatives of the crown or the welfare of the people. His fchemes of reformation, indeed, he intended to have carried be- yond the boundaries of France. If we may believe the duke of Sully, he had in view no lefs a defign than the new-modelling of all Europe. He imagined that the European powers might be formed into a kind of Chriftian republic, by rendering them as nearly as poffible of equal ftrength ; and that this repubhc might be maintained in perpetual peace, by bringing all their differences to be decided before a fenate of wife, dif- interefted, and able judges: and then he thought it would be no dif&cult matter to overturn the Ottoman empire. The number of thefe powers was to be 15 ; viz. the Papacy ; the empire of Germany ; France ; Spain ; Hungary ; Great Britain*; Bohemia; Lombardy; Poland; Sweden; Denmark; the republic of Venice; the States-General ; the Swifs Ganton*; and the Italian commonwealth, which was to comprehend the ilates of Florence, Genoa, Lucca, Modena, Parma,
Mantua, and Monaco. In order to render the ftates «qual, the empire was to be given to the duke of Bavarian the l(.ing,dom cf Nsplce-to the pope j that of Sicily to the Venetians ; Milan to the duke of Savoy, ? who, by this acquifitien, was to become king of Lorn- » bardy ; the Auftrian Low Countries were to be added to the Dutch republic; Franche Compte, Alface, and the country of Trent, were to be given to the Swifs. With a view, it is now thought, of executing this grand projeft, but under pretence of reducing the exorbitant power of the houfe of Auftria, Henry made immenfe preparations both by fea ind land ; but if he really had fuch a defign, he was prevented by death from attempting to execute it. He was ftabbed in his ^^^j-,,-. coach by one Ravilliac, on the 12th of May 1608. dered.
' On the death of Henry IV. the queen-mother af- fumed the regency. Ravilliac was executed, after fuf- fcring horrid tortures. It is faid that he made a conftfllon, which was fo written by the perfon who took it down, that not one word of it could ever be read, and thus his inftigators and accomplices could never be difcovered. The regency, during the minority of Louis XIII. was only remarkable for cabals and i"^" LquiVxHI^'^ trigues of the courtiers. In i6xj, the king afTumed the government himfelf, banifhed the queen-mother to Blois, canfed her favourite marftial d'Ancre to be killed, and chofe for his minifter the famous cardinal Richlieu. In 1620, a new war broke out between the Catholics and Proteftants, which was carried on with the greateft fury on both fides ; and we may judge of the fpirit which adluated both parties, by what happened at Negrepliffe, a town in Quercy. This place was befieged by the king's troops, and it was refolved to make an example of the inhabitants. The latter, • however, abfolutely refufed to furrender upon any terms. They defended themfelves, therefore, moft defperately ; and the city being at laft taken by ftorm, they were all mafiacred, without refpeil of rank, fex, or age, except ten men. When thefe were brought into the king's prefence, he teld them they did not deferve mercy : they anfwered, that they would not receive it ; that the only favour they ?lked, was to be hanged on trees in their own gardens ; which was - granted, and the place reduced to aflies. Both parties foon became weary of fuch a deftru6tive war ; and a peace was concluded in 1621, by which the edift of Nantes was confirmed. This treaty, however, was of no ' long duration. A new war broke out which latted till the year 1628, when the edi6l of Nantes was again con- • .. firmed ; only the Proteftants were depiived of all their " cautionary towns, and confequently of the power of de- fending themfelves in time to come. This put an end - to tihe civil wars on account of religion in France, Hiftorians fay, that in thefe wars above a million of men loft their lives; that 150,000,000 livres were fpent in carrying them on ; and that 9 cities, 400 villages, 2GOO churches, 2000 monafteries,- and 10,000 houfes, were burnt or otherwife deftroyed during their conti- nuance. The next year, the king was attacked with a flow fever which nothing could allay, an extreme depreffion of fpirits, and prodigious fwelfing in his fto- mach and belly. The year after, however, he recovered, to the great difappointment of his mother, who had been in hopes of regaining her power. She was arretted ; but found means to efcape into Flanders, where ftie remained during the reft of this reign. Richlieu, by a mafterly train of politics, though himfelf was Bcxt to an enthufiail for popery, fupported the - Pr-oteftants J IVancei5» Louis XIV. •S«e DragOOfli/lg, Proteftants of Germany and Guilavus Adolplius againft the houfe of Auftria ; arid after quelling all the rebel- lions and confplracies which had been formed againll him in France, he died fome months before Louis XIII. in 1643.- Louis XIV. furnamed le Grand, fucceeded to the throne when he was only five years of age. During his minority, the kingdom was torn in pieces under the adminiftration of his mother Anne of Auftria, by the faAions of the great, and the divifions between the court and parliament, for the moft trifling caufes, and upon the moft defpicable principles. The prince of Gondii flamed like a blazing ftar ; fometimes a patriot, fometimes a courtier, and fometimes a rebel. He was oppofcd by the celebrated Turenne, who from a Proteftant had turned Papift. The nation of France was involved at once in civil and domeftic wars; but the queen-mother having made choice of cardinal Mazarine for her firft minifter, he found means to turn the arms even of Cromwell againft the Spaniards, and
to divide the domeftic enemies of the court fo eff'eftu- ally among themfelves, that when Louis aft"umed the reins of government into his own hands, he found himfelf the moft abfolute monarch that had ever fat upon the throne of France. He had the good for- tune, on the death of Mazarine, to put the domeftic adminiftratlon of his affairs into the hands of Colbert, who formed new fyftems for the glory, commerce, and manufaftures of France, all which he carried to a furprifing height. The king himfelf, ignorant and vain, was blind to every patriotic duty of a king, pro- moting the interefts of his fubjeAs only that they might the better anfwer the purpofes of his greatnefs : and by his ambition he embroiled himfelf with all his neighbours, and wantonly rendered Germany a difmal fcene of devaftation. By his impolitic and unjuft re- vocation of the edi£l of Nantes in the year 1 685', with the dragooning* the proteftants that followed it, he obliged them to take fhelter in England, Holland, and dllFerent parts of Germany, where they ettabhftitd the filk manufaftories, to the great prejudice of their own country. He was fo blinded by flatter}', that he ar- rogated to himfelf the divine honours paid to the pa- gan emperors of Rome. He made and broke treaties for his conveniency : and in the end he raifed againft himfelf a confederacy of almoft all the other princes of Europe ; at the head of which was king William III. of England. He was fo well ferved, that he made head for fome yeai's againft this alliance ; and France feemed to have attained the higheft pitch of military glory, under the conduiSh of thofe renowned generals Conde and Turenne. (See United Provinces.) At length, having provoked the Englifli by his repeated infidelities, their arms under the duke of Marlborough, and thofe of the Auftrians under prince Eugene, ren- dered the latter part of Louis's life as miferable as the beginning of it was fplendid. His reign, from the year 1702 to 171 1', was one continued fei ies of defeats and calamities ; and he had the mortification of feeing thofe places taken from him, which, in the former part of his reign, were acquired at the exnence of many thoufand lives. (See Britain, n° 342, &c.) —
Juft as he was reduced, old as he was, to th.e defpeiate refolution of colltdting his people and dying at their head, he was faved by the Englifh Tory miaiftry de- 131. ferting the caufe, withdrawing from their allies, and France, concluding the peace of Utrecht in 17 13. See Bri- —-y~-" TAIN, n° 371, &c. The laft years of Louis XIV. were alfo embittered by domeftic calamities ; which, added to thofe he had already endured of a public nature, imprefledhim with a deep melancholy. He had been for fome time afflicled with a fiftula ; which, though fuccefsfuUy cut, ever afterwards affefted his health. The year before the peace, his only fon. the duke of Burgundy, died, together with the duchefs and their eldeft fon; and the only remaining child was left at the point of death. The king, himfelf furvived till the month of September 1 7 15; but on the 14th of that month expired, leaving the kingdom to his great-grandfon Louis, then a m.inor. By the laft will of Louis he had devolved the re- Louis X'^. gency, during the minority of the young king, upon a council, at the head of which was the duke of Or- 154 leans. That nobleman, however, difgufted with a Adminidifpofition which gave him only a cafting vote, appeal- ^''^'^"^n of ed to the parliament of Paris, who fet afide the will q%^"'"^ of the late king, and declared him fole regent. His firft adts were extremely popular, and gave the moft: favourable ideas of his government and charafter. He reftored to the parliament the right which had been taken from them of remonftrating agiinft the edi£ts of the crown, and compelled thofe who had enriched themfelves during the calamities of the former reign to reftore their wealth. He alfo took every method to eff^ace the calamities occafioned by the unfuccefsful wars in which his predeceflbr had engaged \ promoted commerce and agriculture ; and, by a clofe alliance with Great Britain and the United Provinces, feemed te lay the foundation of a lafting tranquillity. This happy profpeft, however, was foon overcaft by the in- trigues of Alberoni the Spanifti minifter, who had formed a defign of recovering Sardinia from the emperor, Sicily from the duke of Savoy, and of efta- bhfliing the Pretender on the throne of Britain. To accomplifli thefe purpofes, he negociated with the Ot- toman Porte, Peter theGreat of Ruffia, andCharlesXII. of Sweden ; the Turks intending to rcfume the war againft the emperor ; the two latter to invade Great Britain. But as long as the duke of Orleans retained the adminiftratlon of France, he found it impoflible to bring his fchemes to bear. To remove him, therefore, he fomented divifions in the kingdom. An in- furreftion took place in Brittany; and Alberoni fent fmall parties in difguife into the country, in order to fupport the infurgents, and even laid plots to feize the regent himfelf. All of a fudden, however, the Spanifti minifter found himfelf difappointed in every one of his fchemes. His partifans in France were put "to death ; the king of Sweden was killed at Frederickfliall in Norway ; the Czar, intent on making new re- gulations, could not be perfuaded to make war upon Britain ; and the Turks refufed to engage in a war with the emperor, from whom th«y had lately fuffer- ed fo much. The cardinal, neverthelefs, continued his intrigues ; which quickly produced a war betwixt Spain on the one part, and France and Britain on the other. The Spaniards, unable to refift the union of two fuch formidable powers, were foon reduced to the neceffity of firing for peace j and the terras were die- tated Fiance. tated by the regent of France ; and of thefe the dif-" miflion of Alberoni the Spanifh minifter was one. A double marriage was now fet on foot : the duke of Orleans gave his own daughter, Mademoifelle Montpenfier, to Don Lewis prince of Afturias, while the infanta of Spain was betrothed to her coufin the king of France. From this time the houfe of Bourbon continued united ; both princes being convinced, that it was their intereft not to waile their ftrength in wars agalnft each other. »eftru(<live '^^^ fpirit of conqueft having now in a great raeafure jrojea of fubfided, and that of commerce taken place throughfohn Law. out the world in general, France became the fcene of as remarkable a projedl in the commercial way as ever was known in any country. One John Law, a Scotf- man, having been obliged to fly from his own country for murder, laid the plan of a company which might by its notes pay off the debt of the nation, and reimburfe itfelf by the profits. Law had wandered through various parts of Europe, and had fucceffively endea- voured to engrofs the attention of various courts. The propofal was made to Viftor Amadeus king of Sicily; but he difmifled Law with a reply, that " he was not rich enough to ruin himfelf :" but in France it was looked upon in a more favourable light ; the nation be- ing at this time involved in a debt of 200 millions, and the regent, as well as the people in general, very fond of embarking in new fchemes. The bank, thus eftabhflied, proceeded at firft with fome degree of caution ; but having by degrees extended their credit to more than 80 times their real (lock, they foon be- came unable to anfwer the demands made upon them ; fo that the company was diiTolved the very fame year in which it had been inftituted. The confufion into which the kingdom was thrown by this fatal fcheme, required the utmoft exertions of the regent to put a ftop to it ; and fcarcely was this accomplifhed when the king, in 1723, took the government into his own hands. The duke then became minifter ; but did not long enjoy this poft. His irregularities had broken his conltitution, and brought on a number of maladies, under which he in a fhort time funk, and was fucceeded in his a-^miniftration by the duke of Bourbon Conde. The king, as we have already re- marked, had been married, when very young, to the infanta of Spain, though by reafon of his tender years the marriage had never been completed. The princefs, however, had been brought to Paris, and for fome time treated as queen of France ; but as Louis grew up, it was eafy to fee that he had contrafted an he Infanta fnveterate hatred agai nil the intended partner of his ent Ir'ck ^^^^ minifter, therefore, at laft confented th^t the princefs ftiould be fent back ; an affront fo much refented by the queen her mother, that it had almoft produced a war betwixt the two nations. The diffolution of the marriage of Louis was the laft aft of Conde's adminiftration ; and the procuring of a new match Was the firft a£l of his fuccefTor Cardinal Fleury. The princefs pitched upon was the daughter of Stanifiaus Lefczinflti, king of Poland, who had been depofed by Charles XIL of Sweden.
The princefs was deftitute of rerfonal charms, but of an amiable difpofition ; and though it is probable that stanfl^aii "^^^ never poffcffed the love of her hiifoand, her excelkip"- of Po ^^"^ qualities gould not but extort his eileem .; and the land. Vol. VII. Part XL Tlie kin^ takes the povernfncnt into J I is own hands.
IIMarriage Iv'ith tie birth of a prince foon after their marriage removed all Franei. the fears of the people concerning the fuccelfion, ''. Cardinal Fleury continued the pacific fchemes pur- fucd by his predeceflbrs ; though they were fomewhat interrupted by the war which took place in the year 1733. Notwithftanding the connexion betwixt that monarch and the French nation, however, Fleury was fo parfimonious in his afliftance, that only 1500 fol:- diers were fent to relieve Dantzic, where Staniflaua himfelf refided, and who at that time was befieged by the Ruffians. This pitiful reinforcement was foon overwhelmed by a multitude of Ruffians ; and Staniflaug was af laft obliged to renounce all thoughts of the crown of Poland, though he was permitted to retain the title of king : and that this title might not be merely nominal, the king of France confented to be- ftow upon him the duchies of Bar and Lorrain ; fo that, after the death of Staniflaus, thefe territories were indiflblubly united to the dominions of France. Fleury fteadily purfued his pacific plans, and the dif- putes between Spain and England in 1737 very little affedled the peace of that kingdom ; and it muft be remembered to his praife, that inftead of fomenting the quarrels betwixt the neighbouring potentates, he laboured inceflantly to keep them at peace. He re- conciled the Genoefe and Corficans, who were at war ; and his mediation was accepted by the Ottoman Porte, who at that time carried on a fuccefsful war with the emperor of Germany, but made peace with him at the interccffion of the cardinal. All his endeavours to preferve the general peace, however, proved at laft ineffedlual. The death of the emperor Charles VI. in 1740, the laft prince of the houfe of Auftria, fet all Europe in a flame. The emperor's eldeft daughter, Maria Therefa, claimed the Auftrian fucceffion, which comprehended the kingdoms of Hungary and Bohemia, the duchy of Silefia, Auftrian Suabia, Upper and Lower Auftria, Styria, Carinthia, Carniola ; the four foreft towns ; Burgaw ; Brifgaw ; the Low Countries ; Friuli ; Tyrol ; the duchy of Milan ; and the duchies of Parma and Placentia. Among the many competitors who pretended a right to ftiare, or wholly to inherit, thefe extenfive dominions, the king of France was one. But as he wifhcd not to awaken the jealoufy of the European princes by preferring dire6tly his own pretenfions, he chofe rather to fupport thofe of Frederlr III. who laid claim to the duchy of Silefia. This brought on the war of 1740 ; and of which an account is given under the articles Britain and Prussia. It was terminated in 1 748 by the treaty of Alx-la-Chapelle ; but to this Louis, who fecretly meditated a fevere vengeance againft Britain, only confented, that he might have time to recruit his fleet and put himf'-lf fomewhat more upon an equality with that formidable power. But while he meditated great exploits of this kind, the internal tranquillity of the kingdom was difturbed by violent difputes betwixt the clergy and parllam.ents of France. In the reign of Difputesbc Louis XIV. there had been violent contefts betwixt twixt the the Janfenifts and Jefuits concerning free-will and other r'i'"''^™ents obfcure points of theology ; and the opinions of the^"'^ clergy Janfenifts had been declared heretical by the celebra- ted papal bull named Unigenkus ; the reception of which was enforced by the king, in oppofition to the parliaments, the archbifhop of Paris, and the body of the 3 I people* i6o Parliament of Paris ba- Bilhed. l6i New dif- putes be- twixt the king and {)arliaoicnt. people. The arclibifhop.with i5otlier prelates,protefted againfl. it as an infringement of the rights of cheGallican church, of the laws of the realm, and an infult on the rights of the people "themfelves. The duke of Orleans favoured the bull by inducing the birtiops to fubmit to it; but at the fame time (topped a perfecution which was going on againft its opponents. Thus matters pafled over till the conclufion of the peace ; a fliort time af- ter which the jealoufy of the clergy was awakened by an attempt of the minifter of ftate to inquire into the wealth of individuals of their order. To prevent this, they revived the conteft about the bull Unigenitus ; and it was refolved, that confeffional notes fhould be obtained of dying perfons ; that thefe notes fhould be ligned by priefts who maintained the authority of the bull ; and that, without fuch notes, no perfon could obtain a viaticum, ©r extreme unAion. On this occafion the new archbiftop of Paris, and the parliament of that city, took oppofite fides ; the latter imprifoning fuch of the clergy as refufed to adminifter the fa- craments excepting in the circumftances above mentioned. Other parliaments followed the example of that of Paris ; and a war was inftantly kindled be- twixt the civil and ecclefiaftical departments of the ftate. In this difpute the king interfered, forbad the parliaments to take cognizance of ecclefiaftical proceedings, and commanded them to fufpend all profe- cutions relative to the refufal of the facraments : but inftead of acquiefcing, the parliament prefented new remonftrances, refufed to attend any other bufinefs, and refolved that they could not obey this injunflion without violating their duty as well as their oath. They cited the bifhop of Orleans before their tribunal, and ordered all writings, in which its jurifdiftion was dif- puted, to be burnt by the executioner. By the af- fiftance of the military, they enforced the adminiltration of the facraments to the fick, and ceafed to dif- tribute that juftice to the fubjeft for which they had been originally inftituted. The king, enraged at their obflinacy, arretted and imprifoned four of the members who had been moft obftinate, and banifhed the remainder to Bourges, Poiftiers, and Auvergne ; while, to prevent any impediment from taking place in the adminiftration of juftice by their abfence, he ifl"ued let- ters patent, by which a royal chamber for the profecution of civil and criminal fuits was inftituted. The counfellors refufed to plead before thefe new courts ; and the king, finding at laft that the whole nation was about to fall into a ftate of anarchy, thought proper to recall the parliament. The baniftied members en- tered Paris arnidft the acclamations of the inhabitants ; and the archbifhop, who flill continued to encourage the priefts in refufing the facraments, was baniftied to his feat at Conflans 4 the biftiops of Orleans and Troyes were in like manner baniftied, and a calm for the prefent reftored to the kingdom.
The tranquillity thus eftabliflied was of no long duration. In the year 1 756, the parliament again fell under the difplcafure of the king by their imprudent perfecution of thofe who adhered to the bull Unigenitus. They proceeded fo far in this oppofition as to refufe to regifter certain taxes abfolutely neceflary for the carrying on of the war. By this Louis was fo provoked, that he fupprcfled the fourth and fifth chambers of inquefts, the members of which had diftin-gulftied themfelves by their oppofition to his will. He France* commanded the bull Unigenitus to be refpefted, and ^—nr* prohibited the fecular judges from ordering the adminiftration of the facraments. On this 15 counfellors of the great chamber refigned their offices, and 124 members of the diff^erent parliaments followed their example ; and the moft grievous difcontents took place throughout the kingdom. An attempt was made by a fanatic, named Damien, to aflaflinate him ; and the king was aftually wounded, though flightly, between the ribs, in the prefence of his fon and in the midft of his guards. The aflaflin was put to the moft exquifite tortures ; in the midft of which he perfifted, in the moft obftinate manner, to declare that he had no intention to kill the king ; but that his defign was only to wound him, that God might touch his heart, and incline him to reftore peace to his dominions, &;c, Thefe expreffions, which undoubtedly indicated infa- nity, had no eff^eft on his mercilefs judges, who configned him to one of the moft horrid deaths the ingenuity or cruelty of man could invent. This attempt, however, feems to have had fome effeAupon the king, as he foon after baniftied the archbiftiop of Paris, who had been recalled, and accommodated matters with hia parliament once more. The unfortunate event of the war of 1755 had Fan ily brought the nation to the brink of ruin, when Louis compatft implored the affiftance of Spain ; and on* this occafion ^ the celebrated Family Compaa was figned ; by which, sp|n gft". with the fingle exception of the American trade, thebhlhed. fubjefts of France and Spain are naturalized in both kingdoms, and the enemy of the one foveieign is in- variably to be looked upon as the enemy of the other. At that time, however, the affiftance of Spain avail- ed very little ; both powers were reduced to the loweft ebb, and the arms of Britain were triumphant in every quarter of the globe. See the article Britain.
The peace concluded at Paris in the year 1763, though it freed the nation from a moft deftruftive and bloody war, did not reftore its internal tranquillity. The parliament, eager to purfue the viftory they had formerly gained over tlieir religious enemies, now di- Expulfionof redled their efforts againft the Jefuits, who had obtain- the Jefuits. ed and enforced the bull Unigenitus. That once powerful order, however, was now on the brink of deftruftion. A general deteftation of its members had taken place throughout the whole world. A confpi- racy formed by them againft the king of Portugal, and from which he narrowly efcaped, had roufed the indignation of Europe, and this was ftill farther in- flamed by fome fraudulent pradices of which they had been guilty in France. Le Valette, the chief of their miffionaries at Martinico, had, ever fince the peace of Aix-la Chapelle, carried on a very extenfive commerce, infomuch that he even afpired at monopolizing the whole Weft India trade when the war with Britian commenced in 1755. Leonay and Gouffie, merchants at Marfeilles, in expeftation of receiving merchandize to the value of two millions from him, had accepted of bills drawn by the Jefuits to the amount of a million and an half. Unhappily they were difappointed by the vaft number of captures made by the Britifti; in confequence of which they were obliged to apply to the Society of Jefuits at large : but they, either igno« rant of their true intercft; or too flow in giving affift- 6 ancc. ance, fufFered the merchants to Hop payment ; and thus not only to bring ruin upon themfelves, but to in- volve, as is ufual in fuch cafes, a great many others in the fame calamity. Their creditors demanded in- demnification from the fociety at large ; and on their refufal to fatisfy them, brought their caufe before the parliament of Fan's. That body, eager to revenge  themfelves on fuch powerful adverfaries, carried on the mod violent perfecutions every where againft them. In the courfe of thefe, the volume containing the conititution and government of the order itfelf was ap- pealed to, and produced in open court. It then ap- peared, that the order of Jefuits formed a diftin£t body in the ftate, fubmitting implicitly to their chief, who alone was abfolute over their lives and fortunes. It was likewife difcovered that they had, after a former expulfion, been adniitted into the kingdom upon conditions which they had never fulfilled ; and to which their chief had obllinately refufed to fubfcrlbe ; confequeutly that their exigence at that time In the nation- was merely the effeft of toleration. The event was, that the writings of the Jefuits were pronounced to contain doftrines fubverfive of all civil government, and injurious to the fecurity of the facred perfons of fovereigns ; the attempt of Damien againft the king was attributed to them, and every thingfeemed to progMoilicate ihcir fpeedy dilTolution. In this critical moiiaent, however, the king interfered, and by his royal mandate fufpended all proceedings agaiaft them for a year ; a plan of accommodation was drawn up, and lubmitted to the pope and general of the order : but the latter, by his ill-timed haughtinefs, entirely over- threw the hope of reconciliation. The king withdrew his protcftion, and the parliament redoubled their ef- forts againft them. The bulls, briefs, conftitutions, and other regulations of the Society, were deternained to be encroachments on authority, and abufes of go- vernment ; the Society itfelf was finally diftblved, and its members declared incapable of holding any clerical or municipal offices ; their colleges were feized ; their effefts confifcated ; and the order annihilated ever fince. The parliament, having gained this viftory, next made an attempt to fet bounds to the power of the king himfelf. They now refufed to regifter an edift which Louis had ilTued for the continuance of fome taxes which (hould have ended with the war, and like- wife to conform to another by which the king was en- abled to redeem his debts at an inadequate price. The court attempted to get the edicts regiftered by force, but the parliaments every where feemed inclined to refift to the laft. In 1766, the parliament of Brittany refufed the crown a gift of 700,000 livres ; in confe- quence of which they were fingled out to bear the weight of royal vengeance ; but while matters were on the point of coming to extremities, the king thought proper to drop the procefs altogether, and to publilTh a general amnefty. The pcirliaments, however, now af- feded to defpife the royal clemency ; which exafperated the king to fuch a degree, that he ordered the counfellors of the parliament of Brittany (who had refufed to refume the fundions of which he deprived them) to be included in the lift of thofe who were to be drafted for militia ; and thofe upon whom the lot fell were immediately obliged to join their refpedive regi-ments ; the reft being employed in forming tl^.e city- France, guard. The parliament of Paris remonftrated fo free- v—^ ly upon this conduft of the k'ln^, that they alfo fell under his cenfure ; and Louis m the moft explicit manner declared, that he would fuffer no earthly power to interfere with his Will ; and the parliaments were for the prefe»t intimidated Into fubmiffion. The interval of domeftic tra«quillity which now took place, was employed by the king in humbling the pride of the pope, who refufed to recal a brief he had publlflied againft the duke of Parma. On this the French monarch reclaimed the territories of Avignon and Venaiffin ; and while the pontiff denounced his unavailing cenfures againft him, the marquis de llochecouart, with a fingle regiment of foldicrs, drove out the troops of the pope, and took pofleflion of the territories in quefA more formidable oppofition was made by the na-lfland of tlves of the fmall ifland of Corfica ; the foverelgnty of Corfica ic- which had been transferred to France by the Genoefe^"*^^*^* its former mafters, on condition that Louis fhould reinftate them In the pofTeffion of the ifland of Capraia, which theCorficans had lately reduced. Thefe Iflanders defended themfelves with the moft defperate intrepidity ; and it was not till after two campaigns, in which feveral thoufands of the braveft troops of France were loft, that they could be brought under fubjcclion.
The fatisfadllon which this unimportant conqueft ^jf^^gfl-gj might afford to Louis, was clouded by the diftrefs of ftate of th« the nation at large. The Eaft India Company had to- nation, tally failed, and moft of the capital commercial houfes in the kingdom were involved In the fame calamity.
The minifter, the due de Choifeuil, by one defperate ftroke, reduced the intereft of the funds to one half, and at the fame time took away the benefit of the fur- vlvorfhip in the tontines, by which the national credit was greatly affedled ; the altercation betwixt tht king and his parliaments revived, and the dlffenfions became worfe than ever. The due de Choifeuil attempted in vain to concIHate the differences ; his efforts tend- ed only to bring misfortunes upon himfelf, and In 177I he was banlftied by the king, who fufpeded him of fa- vouring the popular party too much ; and this was foon after followed by the banlfhment of the whole parlia- ment of Paris, and that by the banifhment of a number of others ; new parliaments being every where chofen in place of thofe who had been expelled. The people were by no means difpofed to pay the fame re- gard to thefe new parliaments that they had done to the old ones; but every appearance of oppofition was at laft filenced by the abfolute authority of the king. In the midft of this plenitude of powei-, however, whicfe he had fo ardently defired, his health daily declined, and the period of his days was evidently at no great diftance. As he had all along indulged himfelf in fenfual pleafures to the greateft excefs, fo now they pro- ved the immediate means of his deftruftlon. His fa- vourite miftrefs, Madame de Pompadour, who for a long time governed him with an abfolute fway, had long fince been dead, and the king had for fome time been equally enflavcd by the charms of Madame du Barre. At laft even her beauty proved infufficient to excite defire ; and a fuccefTion of miflr^fTes became neceffary to roufe the languid appetites of the king. One of thefe, who vras infefled with the imall-pox, commu- ~ nicated the difeale to the king ; who in a fhort time Death^of ^^^^ notwlthftanding all the afliftance that could Louis XV given him by the phyficians. 168 The new king Louis.XVI. grandfon to the former, Reign of afcended the throne in the year 1774, in the 20th year iiOinsXVl. Qf j.,jg age; and to fecure himfelf againll the difeafe which had proved fatal to his predecefibr, fubmitted to inoculation, with feveral others of the royal family.
Their quick and eafy recovery contributed much to extend that praftice throughout the kingdom, and to remove the prejudices which had been entertained a- gainft it. The king had no fooner regained his health, than he applied himfelf diligently to extinguilh the differences which had taken place betwixt his predecefibr and the people. He removed thofe from their employmenls who had given caufe of complaint by their arbitrary and oppreffive conduil ; and he conciliated the affeftion of his fubjefts by removing the new parlia- xnents and recalling the old ones. But though the prudence of Louis had fuggefted to him thefe compliances, he endeavoured ftill to preferve pure and entire the royal authority. He explain- ed his intentions by a fpeech in the great chamber of parliament. " The ftep that he had taken to enfure the tranquillity and happineis of his fubjefts, ought not (he obferved) to invalidate his own authority ; and he hoped, from the zeal and attachment of the prefent affembly, an example of fubmiflion to the reft of his {ubjecils. Their repeated rehllance to the commands of his grandfather had compelled that monarch to maintain his prerogative by their banilhment ; and they were now recalled, in the expectation that they would quietly exercife their functions, and difplay their gratitude by their obedience." He concluded with declaring, " That it was his defire to bury in oblivion all gaft grievances ; that he Ihould ever behold with ex- treme difapprobation whatever might tend to create divifions and dillurb the general tranquillity ; and that bis chancellor would read his ordinance to the alTembly, from which they mi^^ht be aiTured he would not fuffer the fmallcft deviation to be made." That ordi- nance was conceived in the moft explicit terms, and was immediately regiftered by the king's command.
The articles of it limited within very narrow bounds the pretenlions of the parliament of Paris : The members were forbidden to look upon themfelves as one body with the other parliaments of the kingdom, or to take any ftcp, or affume any title, that might tend towards, or imply, fuch an union : They were enjoin- ed never to relinquilh the adminiftration of public juftice, except in cafes of abfolute neceffity, for which the firft prefident was to be refponfible to the king ; and it was added, that on their difobedience the Grand Council might replace the parliament, without any new edift for the purpofe. They were ftill however permitted to enjoy the right of remonftrating before the regiftering of any edidls or letters patent which they might conceive injurious to the welfare of the people, provided they preferved in their reprefentations the refped due to the throne. But thefe remonftrances were not to be repeated ; and the parliament, if they proved inelFedlual, were to regifter the edicl objedled to. within. a month, at farthefl.. from the fuft day of its I7 7J. being publidied ; They were forbidden to iflae any ar- France. rets which might excite trouble, or in any manner re- ' tard the execution of the king's ordinances ; and they were alTured by the king himfelf, at the conclufion of this code for their future conduct, that as long as they adhered to the bounds prefcribed, they might depend upon his countenance and prote6lion. In ihort, the terms on which Louis confented to re-eltablifii the parliaments were fuch, that they were reduced to mere cyphers, and the word of the king fiill continued to be the only law in the kingdom. The archbifhop of Paris, who had likewife prefumed to raife fome commotions with regard to the bull Unigenitus, was obliged tofubmit; and feverely threatened if he fliould after- wards interfere in fuch a caufe. The final conquefi; of the Corficans, who, provoked hy the oppreflion of their governors, had once more attempted to regain their former hberty, was the firft event of importance which took place after this refto- ration of tranquillity : but the kingdom was yet filled with diforder from other caufes. A fcarcity of corn happening to take place juft at the time that fome regulations had br^en made by M. Tiirgot the new fi- nancier, the populace rofe in great bodies, and committed fuch outrages, that a militarjj force became abfolutely necefiary to quell them ; and it was not till upwards of 500 of thefe miferable wretches were deftroyed that they could be reduced. The king, however, by his prudent and vigorous condudi on this occafion, foon put a ftop to all riots, and eminently dif- played his clemency as well as prudence in the methods he took for the reftorarion of- the pubhc tranquillity. The humanity of Louis was next Ihovi'n in an edid which he caufed to be regifteied in parHaraent, ediifl in fentencing the deferters from his army in future to ^ work as flaves on the pubhc loads, inftead of punlfliing them as formerly with death ; and with equal attention to the general welfare of his fubjedls, he feizedthe moment of peace to fuhil thofe promifes of economy which on his acceflion he had given to his people. Various ^r°fiQI regulations took place In confequence; particularly the'of fhe M° fupprefiTion of the Mufquetaires and fome other corps, queoaires. which being adapted more to the parade of guarding the royal perfon than any real military ftrvicc, were fupported at a great expence, without any adequate re- turn of benefit to the ilate. Particular attention was alfo paid to the ftate of the marine ; and the appointment of M. de Sartine in 1776 to that department did honour to the penetration of the fovereign. That minifter, fruitful in re- fources, and unwearied in his application, was incef- fantly engaged In augmenting the naval ftrength of his country ; and the various preparations that filled the ports and docks created no fmall urieafinefs to the Britifh court.
^ ^ The next appointment made by the king was equal- Appoint, ly happy, and In one refpedl fingular and unpre- "^enc of I\ cedented. M. Turgot, though poflefTed of Integrity ^"'^J^'' and induftry, had not been able to command the pub- 1;,^: orth he confidence. On his retreat, M. Clugny, Intendant- finances, general of Bourdeaux, had been elevated to the vacant poft: but he dying in a very (hort fpace, M. Taboureau des Reaux was appointed his fucceffor ; and the king foon after, alTociated with him in the management of the the finances M. Necker, by birth a Svvlfs, and by re- ligion a Proteftant. That gentleman, in the prece- ding reign, had been chofen to adjuft fome differences becween the Eaft India company and the crown; and had difcharged his truft in a manner which gained the approbation of both parties. Poffeffed of diftin- guifhed abihtiesjhis appointment would have excited no furprife, had it not been contrary to the conilant policy of France, which had carefully excluded the aliens of her country and faith from the control of her re- venue. It now flood forward as a new inilance of en- largement of mind and liberality of fentiment ; and will to pofterity mark the prominent features of the reign of Louis XVI.
Although the French monarch was of a pacific dif- pofition, and not dellitute of generofity of fentiment; yet his own and the pubHc exultation liad been openly and conftantly proportioned to the fuccefs of the Amech ricans in their conteft with Britain : the princes of the blood and the chief nobility were eager to embark in ^' fupport of the caufe of freedom ; and the prudence of g[[the king and his moft confidential minifters alone re- . ftrained their ardcKU*. The fatalevents of the former war were ftill imprefied on the mind of Louis; and he could not readily confent to expofe his infant marine in a conteft with a nation who had fo frequently alTerted the dominion of the feas, and fo lately broken the united lliength of the houfe of Bourbon. At the fame time, he was fenhble that the opportunity of humbling thofe heughty iflanders Ihould not be entirely neglefteci, and that fome advantages fliould be taken of the prefent commotions in America. Two agtnls from the United States, Silas Dtane and Dr Benjamin Franklin, had fuccelhvely arrived at Paris; and though all audi- ence was denied them in a public capacity, ftill they were privately encouraged to hope that France only waited the proper cppoitunity to vindicate In arms the independence of America. In the mean while, the American cruizers were hofpitably received into the French ports ; artillery and all kinds of warlike llores were freely fold or Hberally granted to the diflrefs of the colonifis ; and French officers and engineers, with the connivance of . government, entered into their fervice. Some changes were about this time introduced into the different departments of ftatc. The condudl of M. Necker in the finances had been attended with univerfal approbation ; and M. Taboureau des Reaux, his col- league, had refigned his fituation, but ilill retained the dignity of counfellor of il;;-.«e. To afford full fcope to the genius of M. Necker, Louis determined no longer to clog him with an affociate ; but, with the title of Direftor-general of the Finances, fubmitted to him the entire management of the funds and revenue of France. In the enfuingyear, the count de St Geimains, fecre- tary at war, died ; and the prince de Montbarey, v;ho had already filled an infeiior fituation in tliat department, was now appointed to fucceed him.
In the mean time, Louis's negociations with foreign courts were not neglefted. He concluded a new trea- ty of alliance with Sv/itzerland ; vigilantly obferved the motions of the different princes of Germany on the death of the elector of Bavaria ; and when clofely quellionedby the Engliih ambaffador i>ord Stormont, refpeding the v^ricus warlike preparations which .were diligently continued tlirough the kingdom, he replied, France. That at a time when the feas were covered with Englifh "^"^ ' fleets and American cruizers, and when fuch armies were fent to the New World as had never before ap- peared there, it became prudent for him alfo to arm for the fecurit}'" of the colonies and the proteflion of the commerce of France. The king was not ignorant at the fame time, that the remouftrances of Great Britain, and the importunities of the agents of the United States, would foon compel him to adopt fome decifivcline of conduct. This was haftened by a new event
difaflrous to Britain; the failure of general Burgoyne's expedition, and the capture of his army. The news 173 of that event was received at Paris with unbounded And at Iaft> exultation. M. Savtine, the marine fuptrintendant, PP^'^'T j^' r 1 in 1 r T- knowledge was eager to raealure the naval Itrength or r ranee jude. with that of Great Britain ; the queen, who had longpeiuience feconded the applications of the American agents, of the Uni<- now efpoufed their caufe with frefh ardour; and ^'^'^ ' the pacific inclinations of Louis being overborne by the fuggeftions of his minifters and the influence of his queen, it was at length determined openly to ac- knowledge the independence of the United States. Dr Franklin and Silas Deane, who had hitherto afted as private agents, were now acknowledged as public ambaffadors from thofe ftates to the court of Verfailles ; and a treaty of amity and commerce was figned between the two powers in the month of February 1778. The duke of Noailles, ambaffador to the court of London, was in the month of March in- ftru£led to acquaint that court with the above treaty. At the fame time he declared, that the contraffing parties had paid great attention not to ftipulate any exclufive advantages in favour of France, and that the United States had referved the hberty of treating with • every nation whatever on the fame footing of equality and reciprocity. But this llipulation was treated by the Britiih with contempt ; and the recal of Lord . Stormont, their ambaffador at Verfailles, was the fig- nal for the commencement of lioftilities. —The events produced by this war are related under the articles Ami-rica, Britain, and Indostan. Here our chief bufinefs is with domeftic tranfadlions, the meafures of the cabinet, and the internal economy of the fhte.In the year 1780, new changes in the French minif|ry took place. M Bertin had refigned the office of feci etary of flate ; the prince de Montbarey had retired from the poll of fecretary at war, and was fuc- ceeded by the marquis de Segur, But the moft im- j^^^^74^j ^^^j. portant removal was that of M. Sartine, who had for ^^^^ feveral years prefided over the marine department, and tiiK. whofe unwearied application and ability had raifed the naval power of France to a height that aftonifhsd Europe : but bis colleagues in the cabinet loudly accufed a profufion, which wf)uld have diverted into one channel the whole refources of the kingdom ; and his re- treat opened a road to the ambition of the marquis de , Caftries, who was appointed to fupply his place.
This year, the king fixed on tlie anniverfary of his • birth- day to render it memorable by a new inftance of : humanity ; and he abolifhed for ever the inhuman cuf- • torn of putihig the qusjl'ion, as it was called, by torture; ; a cuflom which had been fo eftabliiTitd by the praflice . of ages, that it fcemcd tQ be an inf the con{lItution of the courts of juflice In France. At the fame time, to defray the charges cf war, he continued to diminifh his own expenditure; and facrificing his magnificence to the eafe of his fubjeds, difmilTed at once above 400 officers belonging to his court. Unhappily, however, the popular difcontents were excited next year by the difmiffion of their favourite minlfter M, Necker. He had conceived the arduous but popular projeft of fupporting a war by loans with- out taxes ; and the rigid economy which he had intro- duced into all the departments of the royal houfehold, and the various refources that prefented themfelves tohis fertile genius, had fupported him amidfl the difficulties that attended this fyftem. But his aufterity of temper had not rendered him equally acceptable to the fovereign and his fubjefts ; and the repeated reforms he had re- commended were reprefented as inconfiftent with the dignity of the crown : he was therefore in 1781 dif- miffed from his office of comptroller-general ; and M.
Joli de Fleuri, counfellor of ftate, was appointed to that important department. The defeat of the count de GrafFe happened next year, and impreffed the kingdom with general gri'tf and confternation. Immenfe preparations were, however, made for the operations of 1783; and in conjundion with the courts of Madrid and the Hague, Louis was determined this year to make the moll powerful efforts to bring the war to a conclufion. But in the midft of thefe preparations, the voice of peace was again heard; and Louis was induced to lillen to the proffered mediation of the two firil protcntates In Europe, the emperor of Ger- many and the emprefs of Ruffia. The count de Vergennes, who ftiil occupied the poll of fecretary of foreign affairs, was appointed to treat with Mr Fitzlierbeit the Britifh minifter at Brufftls, but who had lately proceeded to Paris to conduct this important negociation. The way was already fmoothed for the rclloration of the public tranquillity, by provifional articles figned at the conclufiort of the laft year be- tween the States of America and Great Britain, and which were to conftitute a treaty of peace finally to be concluded when that between Fj ance and Great Britain took place. Preliminary articles were accordingly agreed upon and figned at Verfailles : thefe were foon after fucceeded by a definitive treaty ; and France, throughout her extenfive dominions, beheld peace once more eflabhfhed. Though the late war had been at- tended by the moil brilliant fuccefs, and the independence of America feemed to llrikedeep at the fource of her rival's power, yet France herfelf had not been entirely free from inconvenience. The retreat of M. Necker had, as we have already obferved, diminifhed the public confidence ; three different perfons who had fince tranfiently occupied his poft, increafed the jealoufies of the people ; and the failure of the celebrated Caiffe Cailled'£f- d'Efcompte completed the univerfal confternation. compte. That bank had been eftablifhed in the year 1776. The plan of it was formed by a company of private adventurers, and its capital was fixed at L.500,000 Sterling. The profeffed defign of the Company was to difcount bills at fhort dates, at the rate of four per cent, per annum : but as this intereft could never be an equivalent for the capit^ funk by the proprietors, they were entrufted with the additional power of iffuing •not-es to the amount of their capital, which, as they 177 Of the were capable at any time of being converted into fpe- Pi-ancc. cie, might be often voluntarily tziken by their cuflomers from mere convenience. Tfie reputation of the bank foon caufed its flock to fell above par ; and its credit was flill at the higheil, when to the aftonifhment of the nation it fuddenly flopped payment on the 2d of 0£lober I 783. The caufe affigned was an uncom- mon fcarcity of fpecie : But the public fufpedled that the failure arofe from a loan fecretly made to go- vernment ; and what confirmed the fufpicion was, that government about the fame time flopped payment of the bills drawn upon them by their army in America.
Whatever was the caufe of this event, the king was prevailed on to extend his proteftion to the company. By four fucceffive edidls the banks in Paris were ordered to receive the notes of the Caiffe d'Efcompte as currency ; and a lottery with a flock of one miUion Sterling, redeexnable m eight years, being eftablifhed, the tickets were made purchafable in notes of the Caiffe d'Efcompte. By thefe expedients the public confidence in that bank was revived, its bufinefs in- creafed, and its flock rofe to above double the origi- nal fubfcription; the bills from America were at the fame time put in a train of payment, and pubUc credit was reflored throughout the kingdom. Some compenfation alfo for the expences that had been incurred during the late war, was drawn from a treaty with the United States of America. Thefe engaged toreimburfe France in the fum ^of 18 million of livres, which had been advanced in the hour of their diflrefs ; and Louis confented to receive the money, as more convenient to the States, in the fpace of 12 years, by 12 equal and annual payments.
The general peace was foon after followed by a particular treaty between France and Holland, which was 178 effedled with great addrefs by the Count de Vergennes. Treaty be- lt included all the principle which can ferve to ce- raent in the clof.ft union diflind nations under diftind Holkud*"** governments; and by which they may mutually participate, in peace or in war, of good or of evil; and in all cafes adminiller the mofl perfed aid, counfel, and fuccour to each other. It alfo prefcribed, if their united good offices for the prefervation of peace fhould prove ineffeaual, the afhflance they were to afford each other by fea and land. France was to furnifh Holland with 10,000 cfFeftive infantry, 2000 cavahy, with 12 fhips of the line and 6 frigates. Their High Mightineffes, on the other fide, in cafe of a marine war, or that France fhould be attacked by fea, were to contribute to her defence 1^,: fhips of the line and three frigates ; and in cafe of an attack on the territory of France, the States-general were to have the option of furnifliing their land contingent either in money or
troops, at the eflimate of 5000 infantry and looc cavalry. Further, if the ftipulated fuccours fhould be infufficient for the defence of the party attacked, or for procuring a proper peace, they engaged to affift each other with all their forces, if neceffary ; it being however agreed that the contingent of troops to be fur- nifhed by the States- general fhould not exceed 20,000 infantry and 4000 cavalry. It was further added, that neither of the contrading powers fhould difarm, or make or receive propofals of peace or truce, with- out the confent of the other : they promifed alfo not to contrad any future alliance or engagement whatever.
Jonfe- uence to 'ranee rom lier in erference letwccri ever, direftly or indireftly, contrary to the prefent treaty ; and on any treaties or negociations being pro- pofcd which might prove detrimental to their joint in- tereft, they pledged their faith to give notice to each other of fuch propofals as foon as made. Thus was Holland now converted into the firm ally of that power againft whofe encroaching fpirit flie had formerly armed -the moft powerful kingdoms of Europe; while France having afferted the independence of America againft Great Britain, and having converted an ancient and formidable foe into an ufeful friend, feemed to have attained an influence over the nations of the earth that fhe had never before been poffefTed of. But however exalted her prefent fituation might ap- pear, the feeds of future commotion were already ap- parent to an attentive obferver. The applaufe that had attended the parliament of Paris in their ftruggles with the late king might he confidered as the firll dawn of freedom j the language of that aflembly had boldly inculcated to their countrymeu their natural rights, and taught them to look with alefs enraptured eye on tlie luftre that encompalTcd the throne. The war in America had contributed to enlarge the political ideas of the French : they had on that occafion ftood forth as the champions of liberty, in oppcfition to regal power ; and the officers, who had adted on that confpi- cuous theatre, accuitomed to think and fpeak without tritain andreftraint, on their return imparted to the provinces of er colonies. France the flame of freedom which had been kindled in the wilds of America. Frosn that moment the French, inftead of filently acquiefcing under the edifts of their fovereign, canvafled each aftion with bold and rigid impartiality ; while the attachment of the army, which has ever been confideied as the folc foundation of de- fpotifm, gave way to the noble enthnfiafm of liberty.
We have already noticed the public diflTatisfaftion that had attended the difmiffion of M. Necker ; his tranfient fuccefTor, M. de Fleury, had retired from the management of the finances in 1783, and the more tranfient adminiftration of M. d'OrmelTon had expired in the fame year that gave it birth. On his retreat, M. de Calonne,who had fucceffively filled with acknow-^ledged reputation the office of intendant of Mentz, and afterwards of the provinces of Flanders and Artois, was nominated to the poft of comptroller- general. This gentleman, flexible and infinuating, eloquent in converfaticn and poliflred in his manners, feitile in refour- ces and liberal in the difpofal of the public money, foon rendered himfelf acceptable to the fovereign. But he did not enter upon his new and arduous ftation fa- voured by the breath of popularity : he was reported to be more able than confifl:ent, and not to have tempered the ardour of his fpirit by the feverity of deep refearch ; and the people, amidft repeated loans, re- gretted that fevere fimplicity which had charadlerifed the adi.iInifl:ration of M. Necker.
It was the bold and judicious meafures of Calonne, however, that reftored credit to the CaifTe d'Efcompte, which had flopped payment a few weeks before his acceffion. His next meafure, in 1 784, the eflabliffiment of the CaifTe d'Amortiffement or finking fund, was in- titled to a ftill higher degree of applaufe. The plan of that fund waa limple and moderate : It was to pay aonually by government, into the hands of a board fet 180 fppointient and leafures 0 I.line. apart for that purpofe, the entire intereft of the na- France, tional debts, whether in ftock or annuities, together —v~*" with an additional fum of L. 120,000. The annuities that would be extinguifhed every year were eftimated at L. 50,000 ; and in that proportion, the fum fet a- part for the redemption of the national debt would annually increafe. The operation of this new fund was limited to the term of 25 years; and during that term the annual receipt of the CaifTe d'Amortiffement is declared unalterable, and incapable of being diverted to any other objeft.
The principal meafure of the next year was the efta- blifhment of a new Eafl India Company, the conftitutions of which have been already detailed in a preceding volume of this work, under the article Company ; fee Vol.V.p. 247, 248 : A meafure not equally commendable with the preceding, and which did not fail to excite violent complaints. The time, however, was now approaching, when the neceffities of the ftate would compel him to meafures ftill more unpopular, and deflined to undergo a feverer fcrutiny. Although peace- had been re-eilabliflicd throughout Europe for three years, yet the-finances of France feemed fcarce affefted' by this interval of tranquillity, and it was found requifite to clofe every year with a loan. The public expenditure of 1785 might probably feem co fauftion this meafure. It had been thought proper to fortify Cherbourg upon a large and magnificent fcale ; the claim of the emperor to the navigation of the Scheldt^^ had obliged the French to increafe their land forces,, either to form a refpeftable neutrality, or to affift ef- fedlually their Dutch allies ; and the marquis de Caftries, fond of war and profufe in his defigns, had not fuffered the navy, which M. Sartine had furrendered into his hands, to decline during the interval of peace. The treaty of commerce concluded in 'the year 1786- with Great Britain was a new fource of difcontent. Though regarded by the Englifh manufafturers as far from advantageous, it excited in France ftill louder murmurs. It was reprefented as likely to extinguifli thofe infant eftablifhments, which were yet unable to vie with the manufaflures of England that had attain- ed to maturity ; and the market that it held out for the wines and oils of France was pafTed over in filence, while the diftrefs of the artifan was painted in the mofi ftriking colours. But when the edi<£l for regiftering the loan at the conclufion of the la l year, and which amounted to the fum of three millions three hundred and thirty thoufand pounds, was prefented to the par- liament of Paris, the murmurs of the people, through the remonftrances of that affembly, alTumtd a more le- gal and formidable afpeft. The king hov/ever fignlfied to the feledl deputation that were commiffioned to convey to him their remonftrances, that he ex- pefted to be obeyed without farther delay. The ce- remony of the regiftering accordingly took place on the next day ; but it was accompanied with a refolution, importing, " that pubHc economy was the only genuine fource of abundant revenue, the only means of providing for the neceffities of the ftate, and refto- ring that credit \ihlch borrowing had reduced to the brink of ruin." The king was no fooner informed of this ftep, than he commanded the attendance of the grand deputation of parliament j when he erafed from their records the France.
Affembly of the No tables. the refolution that had been adojoted ; and obfcrved, that though it was his pleafure that the parhament {hould communicate, by its refpedlful reprefentations, whatever might concern the good of the public, yet he never would allow them fo far to abufe his clemency as to erefh themfelves into the cenfors of his govern- ment. At the fame time, more ftrongly to mark his difpleafure at their expoftulations, he fuperfeded one of their officers, who had appeared moft aftive in for- warding the obnoxious refolution. * M. de Calonne, however, though gratified by the approbation of his fovereign, could not but feel himfelf deeply mortified by the oppofition of the par- liament. His atempts to conciliate that affembly had proved ineffedlual ; and he experienced their inflexible averfion at the critical junfture when their acquiefcence might have proved of the moft elTential fervice. An anxious inquiry into the ftate of the public finances had convinced him that the expenditure by far exceed- ed the revenue. In this fituation, to impofe new taxes was imprafticable ; to continue the method of borrowing was ruinous ; to have recourfe only to economical reforms, would be found wholly inadequate ; and he hcfitated not to declare, that it would be impoffible to place the finances on a folid bafis, but by the reformation of whatever was vicious in the coniliturion of the ftate. To give weight to this r eform, M. de Calonne was fenfible that fomething more was neceffary than the royal author ity ; he perceived that the parliament was neither a fit inftrument for introducing a new order into public affairs, nor would fubmit to be a paflive machine for fanftioning the plans of a minifter, even if thofe plans v/ere the emanations of perfect wifdom.
Though originally a body of lawyers, indebted for their appointments to the king, there was not an at- tribute of genuine legiflative affembly but what they feemed defirous to engrofs to themfelves ; and they had been fupported in their pretenfions by the plaudits of the people, who were fenfible that there was no other body in the nation that could plead their caufe againd royal or minifterial oppreffion. To fupprefs, therefore, the only power of control that remained, and to render the government more arbitrary, was deemed too perilous a meafure : yet to leave the parliament in the full poffcflion of their influence, an influence that the minifter was convinced would be exerted againft him, was at once to render his whole fyftem abortive.In this dilemma^ the only expedient that fuggeftcd itfelf was to have recourfe to fome other affembly, more dignified and folemn in its charafter, and which fhould in a greater degree confift of members fr'om the vari- ous orders of the ftate and the diffei'ent provinces of the kingdom. This promifed to be a popular meafure ; it implied a deference to the people at large, and might be expefted to prove highly acceptable.
But the true and legitimate affembly of the nation, the ftates-general, had not met fince the year 1614 ; nor could the minifter flatter himfelf with the hope of ob- taining the royal affent to a meeting which a defpotic fovereign could not but regard with fecret jealoufy* Another affembly had occafionally been fubftituted in the room of the ftates-general : this was diftinguiflied by the title of the Notables ; and confifted of a num- W III. ber of perfons from all parts of the kingdom, chiefly France felefted from the higher orders of the ftate, and no- —v""^ minated by the king himfelf. This affembly had been convened by Henry IV. again by Louis XIII. And was now once more furamoned by the authority of the prefent monarch. The writs for calling them together were dated on the 29th of December 1786 ; and they were addreffed to feven princes of the blood, nine dukes and peers of France, eight field- marefchals, twenty-two nobles, eight counfellors of ftate, four mafters of requefts, eleven archbifiiops and bifhops, thirty-feven of the heads of the law, twelve deputies of the pays d'etats, the lieute- nant civil, and twenty-five magiftrates of the different towns of the kingdom. The number of members was 144 ; and the 29th of January 1787 was the period ap- pomted for their meeting.
Upon the arrival of the Notables at Paris, however, the minifter found himfelf yet unprepai'ed to fubmit his fyftem to their infpedlion, and poftponed the opening of the council to the 7th of February. A fecond delay to the 14th of the fame month was occafioned by the indifpofition of M. de Calonne himfelf, and that of the count de Vergennes prefident of the council of finance and fii'ft fecretary of ftate ; and a third procraftination was the neceffary refult of the death of the count on the day previous to that fixed' for the opening of the meeting. He was fucceeded in the department df foreign affairs by the count de Montmorin, a nobleman of unblemiftied charafter. But his lofs at this critical jundlure was feverely felt by M. de Calonne ; he alone, of all the minifters, ha- ving entered with warmth and fincerity into the plans of the comptroller-general. The chevalier de Miromefnil, keeper of the feals, was avowedly the rival and enemy of that ftatefman. The marefchal de Caftries, fecretary for the mai-ine department, was perfonally at- tached to M. Necker ; and the baron de Breteull, fe- cretary for the houfehold, was the creature of the queen, and deeply engaged- in what was called the Auftruan fyftem.
It was under thefe drfficulties that M. de Calonne, Splend on the 2 2d of February, firft met the affembly of theprojedl Notables, and opened his long expedled plan. He ^ began by ftating, that the public expenditure had for^"""*^* centuries paft exceeded the revenue, and that a very confiderable deficiency had of courfe exifted ; that the Miffiflrppi fcheme of 1720 had by no means, as might
have been expected, reftored the balance ; and that under the economical adminiftration of cardinal Fleury the deficit ftill exifted ; that the progrefs of this de- rangement under the laft reign had been extreme ; the deficiency amounting to three miUions ftcrling at the appointment of the abbe Terray ; who, however, re- duced it to one million fix hundred and feventy-five thoufand pounds ; it decreafed a little under the flaort adminiftrations that followed, but rofe again in confcquence of the war, under the adminiftration of M. Necker ; and at his own acceffion to office, it wag three millions three hundred and thirty thoufand pounds.
In order to remedy this growing evil, M. Calonne recommended a territorial impolt, in the nature of the England land-tax, from which no rank or order of men were to be exempted j and an enquiry into the 4 poffcflions, poffcffions of the clergy, which ' » "" deemed facred, from their proportion of the public burdens : the various brancht's of internal taxation were alfo to undergo a ftrift examination ; and a confiderable refource was prefented in mortgaging the de- mefne lands of the crown. The very neceffity for thefe reforms was combated with a degree of boldnefs and force of reafoning that could not fail of deeply impreffing the affembly ; and inftead of meeting with a ready acquiefcence, the comptroller-general was now lanched into the boundlefs ocean of political controverfy. M. Necker, pre- vious to his retirement, had pubHihed his Compte ren- du au Roi, in which France was reprefented as poffefling a clear furplus of 425,000 pounds fterling: 183 this performance had been read with avidity, and pro- ppofedby i^aijiy contributed to ellrange from the author the royal countenance; but the credit of it was ably vindicated by M. de Brienne archbifhop of Thouloufe. M. de Calonne met with a ftill more formidable adverfary in the count de Mirabeau. This extraordinary man, reftlefs in his difpofition, licentious in his morals, but bold, penetrating, and enterprifing,had occafionally vifit- ed every court in Europe. He had been admitted at one time to the confidence of the minifter ; and had been di- re6led, though in no oftenfible charafter, to obferve at Berlin the difpofition of the fucceflbr of the great [ 441 ] V 11 A hitherto had been place on the 12th of April, but foon after retired to France. England from the ftorm of perfecution. In the midfl, of thefe tranfaftions at home, Louis's Mirabeau ind the bi- hop of 'houloufe: , '85 attention was alfo called to the Hate of affairs in the re- ^j^l^llj jyr_ public of Holland, his new and clofe ally. The prince of de Calonne Orange hadbeert ftripped of all authority by the arifto- refigns. cratic party; and, retiring from the Hague, maintained the (hadowofa court at Nimeguen. His brother-in-law, 186 however, the new king of Prufiia, exerted his endea-DifturbaoI- vours to promote the interefts of the ftadtholder ; and^^' .^"^ having offered, in concert with France, to undertake ' the arduous taflc of compofing (he differences which diftrafted the republic, the propofal was received with apparent cordiality by the court of Verfailles. At the fame time it could fcarce be expected that France would become the inftrument of reftoring the prince of Orange to that (hare of power which he had before occupied, and thus abandon one of the longeft and moft favourite objecls of her policy, the eftablifhing a fupreme and permanent controul in the affairs of Holland. In faft, the conditions which were framed by the Louveftein faftion, as the bafis of reconcihation, were fuch as plainly indicated their defign to reduce the influence and authority of the ftadtholder within very narrow limits. On his renouncing his right of filling up the occafional vacancies in the town fenates, he was to be reftored to the nominal office of captain-general : but :lergy, and inagitrates.
Frederic : in this capacity he was frequently expofed he was to be reftrained from marching the troops into ^""^ ^ " t -1 . . r or out of any province, without leave from the refpective provinces concerned ; and he was alfo to fubfcribe to a refolution paffed fome time before by the lenate of Amfterdam, that the command fhould at all times be revocable at the pleafure of the ftates. Had the prince acquiefced in thefe preliminaries, France would have completely attained the objedl: of her long negociations, and by means of the Louveftein fadion have acquired the afcendency that fiie had repeatedly fought in the councils of Holland. But under the difficulties that furrounded him, the prince of Orange was ad- mirably fupported and affifted by the genius, the fpirit, and the abilities of his confort : Ihe firmly rejefted e- very meafure tending to abridge any rights that had been attached to the office of ftadtholder ; and M. de Rayneval, the French negociator, having in vain en- deavoured to overcome her refolution, broke off the correfpondence between the Hague and Nimeguen, to negleft and difappointment ; his letters were often left unanfwered ; difguft fucceeded to admiration ; and he who had entered the Pruffian court the intimate friend, returned to Paris the avowed enemy, of M. de Calonne : While the archbifhop arraigned the underftanding, the count impeached the integrity, of the comptroller-general.
The eloquence of M. de Calonne, however, might have fuccefsfuUy vindicated his fyftem and reputation againft the calculations of Brienne, and the inveftives of Mirabeau; but he could not fupport himfelf againft the I jg^ influence of the three great bodies of the nation, ind by the The ancient nobility and the clergy had ever been >rincipal free from all public affeffments; and had the evil mobility, gone no farther, it might have been ftill perhaps borne with patience ; but through the fliameful cuftom of felling patents of nobility, fuch crowds of new nobleffe ftarted up, that every province in the kingdom was filled with them. The firft objed with thofe who had and returned to Paris about the middle of January acquired fortunes rapidly, was to purchafe a patent ; 1787. which, befides gratifying their vanity, afforded an ex- The events that enfued will be found detailed under emption to them and their poftcrity from contributing a fubfequent article. It is only neceffary to obferve proportionably to the exigencies of the ftate ; the ma- in this place, that the republican party were totally giftracies likewife throughout the kingdom enjoyed difappointed in their hopes from France. The court their (hare of thefe exemptions ; fo that the whole of Verfailles had indeed long trufted to the natural Attempts ftrengthof the republican party, and had been affiduousof the during the whole furamer in endeavouring to fecond ^'^"'^'^ them by every fpecies of fuccours that could be pri-^"^P?{M^* vately afforded. Crowds of French officers arrived party. daily in Holland ; and either received comraiffions in the fervice of the ftates, or afted as volunteers in their troops. Several hundreds of tried and experienced foldiers were feleded from different regiments ; and being furni(hed with money for their journey, and af- furances of future favour, were difpatched in fmali parties to join the troops, and help to difcipline the - 3 K burghers weight of the taxes fell on thofe who were leaft able to bear them. The minifter's defign, then, of equalizing the public burdens, and by rendering the taxes general di- minifhing the load borne by the lower and moft ufeful claffes of people, though undoubtedly great and patriotic, at once united againft him the nobility, the clergy, and the migiftracy ; and the event was fuch as might be expeAed : the intrigues of thofe three bodies railed againft him fo loud a clamour, that finding it impoffible to ftem the torrent, he not only refigned his Vol. VIL Partll.
I? R A C 44^ F 11 A A confiderable cotps of en- the propofed territorial ifnpdft, or geiieral land-tax, France. Fratice. burgbers and volunteers. V gineers were alfo direfted to proceed filently and in difguife towards Amftcrdam, and to affift in ftrengthening the works of that city. Thefe aids, which might Kave proved effeftuul had the conteft been confined to the ftates of Holland and the fiadtholder, were over- whelmed in the rapid invaiion of the Priiffians ; and the court of Berlin had taken its meafures with fo much celerity, and the fituation of the republicans Was already become fo defperate, that it was doubtful whether their aiTairs could be reftored by any affiftance that France was capable of immediately adminiltering. Yet on Great Britain fitting out u flrong fquadron of men of war at Portfmouth to give confidttice to the operations of the king of Pruflia, the court of Veriaiiles alfo fent orders to equip 1 6 fail of the line at Bred, and recalled a fmall fquadron which had been commiffioned on a fummer's cruife on the coall of Portugal, But in thefe preparations Louis feemed rather to re- gard his own dignity, than to be aftuated by any hopes of effeftually relieving his aUies. All oppofiiion in PloUand might be already conPidered as extiu ruifh- ed. The ftates affembled at the Hague had officially notified to the court of Verfailles, that the dil))Utes between them and the ftadtholder were nov^ happily terminated ; and as the clrcumllances \^ hich gave oceafion for their application to that court no longer exifted, fo the fuccours which they had then requefted Vvould now be unneceffary. Under thefe circumftances, France could only wifli to r^xtricate herftlf. from her prefent difficulty with honour. She therefore readily liftened to a memorial from the Britilh minifler at Paris ; who propofed, in order to preferve the good underitanding between the two crowns, that all warHke preparations fhould be difcontinued, and that the naVeys of both kingdoms fhould be again reduced to the footing of a peace eftablilhment. This was gladly acceded to by the court of Verfailles ; and that harmony which had b6en tranfiently interrupted between the two nations was re- jgg ftored, Domeftic Though the French king could not but fenfibly feel concerns of the mortification of thus relinquifhing the afcendency which he had attained in the councils of Holland, the ftate of his own domeftic concerns and the internal fi- tuation of his kingdom furnifhed matter for more fe- rious refledlion. The difmiffion of M. de Calonne had left France without a minifter, and almoft without a fyftem ; and though the king bore the oppofition of the Notables with admirable temper, yet the difapjiointment that he had experienced funk deep into his mind. Without obtaining any relief for his moft ur- gent neccffities, he perceived too late that he had opened a path to the reftoration of the ancient confti- tution of France, which had been undermined by the crafty Louis XL and had been nearly extinguifhed by the daring and fanguinary counfels of Richlieu under Louis XIIL The Notables had indeed demeaned themfelves with refpeft [and moderation, but at the fame tinie they had not been deficient in firmnefs. The appointment of the archbifhop of Thouloufc, the Yigorous adverfary of M. de Calonne, to the office of comptroller-general, probably contributed to preferve the appearance of good humour in that affembly ; yet 5 France. Afiembly of the Notables dif- folvcd. vfhich was an objedl fo ardently coveted by the court, ^-'*'*y~- vvas rejefted. Louis, therefore, deprived of any far- ther hope of rendering the convention fubfetvient to his embarraffments, determined to diffolve the affcmbly } which he accordingly did, vvith a very moderate and conciliatory fpeech to the meitibel-s on their dilmiffion. .^q
Thus difappointed of the advantage Vvhich he hadRefuf^Iof flattertd hifiafelf he would have drawn from the acqui- ^he parlia- efcence of the Notables, the king was obliged novV to 'j^J* recur to the ufual mode of railing money by the royal ^ey^'jaxe«i^ editts ; aitiong the meafilres propofed for which puf-^ pofe were the doubhng of the poll-tax, the re-eilabliihrrtent of the third tvventleth, and a ftamp-duty. But the whole wds ftrpngly difapprovtd by tlie parliartient of Paris ; and that ?.ff;mbly, in the moft pofitive terms, refufed to regifter the edi&. Louis Was obliged to apply, as the laft refort, to his abfolute authority ; and> by holding what is called a bed of jttflice, compelltd them to inroU the inipoft. The parliament, though defeated, were far fi-Oril fubdued ; and on the day after the king had held his bed of juftice, they entered a formal proteft againft the edift ; declaring, " that it had been regiftcred agairtft their approbation and confent, by the king's exprefa command ; that it neither ought nor Ihould have any force ; and that the firft perfon who ft\()uld perfume to attempt to carry it into execution, fiiould be ad- judged a traitor, and condemned to the galleys.'* This fpirited declaration left the king no other alter- native, than either proceeding to extremities in fuppdrt of his authority, dr relinquifhing for ever after the power of raifing money upon any occafion without the confent of the parhament. Painful as every appearance of violence mull have proved to the mild difpofilion of Louis, he could not confent to furrender, without a llruggle, that authority which had been fo long exercifed by his predecelfors. Since the commencement of the prefent difcOntents, th6 capital had been gradually filled with confiderable bodies of troops ; and about a week after the paiHament had entered the proteft, art officer of the French guards, with a party of foldiers, went at break of day to the hdufe of each, individual member, to fignify to hiitt the kind's coril- mand, that he fliould immediately get into his carriage, and proceed to Troyes, a city of Champagne, abdut 76 miles from Paris, without writing or fpeiking to iny perfon out of his ovvn houfe before his departure.
^ Thefe ordei-s were fel-ved at the fame inft'ant ; and be- The menu fore the citizens of Paris were acquainted wi\h thebers ba^ tranfaftion, their magiftrates were already oil the roid"^^^*^*
to their place of banilhmenl. Previous to their rettioval, however, they had pttfented a remonftrance on the late rrteafures of govern- ment, and the alarming ftate of public affairs. In fti- ting their opinions on taxes, they declared, that nei- ther the parliaments, nor any other authority, excepting that of the three eftates of the kingdom colleAivei ly aff"embled, could warrant the laying of any pttrAai nent tax upon the people ; and they ftrongly enforced the renewal of thofe national aflemblies, wliich had rendered the reign of Charlemagne fo great and illu- ftrious. This requlfitioh of iht jJarliattietlts t6 re-eftabllfh the the national council, or (lates-generiil, was the raoje honourable, the former aflepiblies mi] ft have Tunk under the influence of the latter, and returned to their original condition of mere regiflers and courts of law. The confidence and attachment of the people of conft- quence rofe in proportion to this inftance of difinter- eftednefs ; their murmurs were openly exprefled in the ftreets of the capital, and the general diflatisfaftion was augmented by the ftop that was put to public bufinefs by the exile of the parliament.
The cabinet at the fame time was apparently weak, difunited, and fluftuating ; and continual changes took place in every department of the ftate. Louis, averfe to rigorous counfels, wiflied to allay the growing dif* content by every conceffion that was confiftent with his dignity ; but it was generally believed, that the queen ftrongly diffuaded him from any ftep that might tend to the diminution of the royal authority. The influence of that princefs in the cabinet was undoubtedly great : but the popularity ,which once had accompanied lier was no more ; and forae imputations of pri- vate levity, which had been rumoured through the capital, were far from rendering her acceptable to the majority of the people ; while the count d'Artois, the king'g brother, who had exprelTed himfelf in the moll unguarded terms againlt the condudt of the parliament, ftood expofed to ali the confcquenccs of popular hatred. Nor was it only in the capital that the flame of li- beUy onee more burft forth ; it blazed with equal ftrength in the provincial parliaments. Among various inftances of tliis nature, the parliament of Grenoble paffed a decree againft lettres de cachet, the moll odious engine of arbitrary power; and declared the execution of them within their jurifdiftion, by any perfon, and under whatever authority, to be a capital ci-ime. The king had endeavoured to foothe the Parifians by new regulations of economy, and by continual re- trenchments in his houfehold : but thefe inftances of attention, which once would have been received with the loudeft acclamations^ were now difregarded under their afSi&ion for the abfence of their parliament. His majefty, therefore, in order to regain the afteftions of his fubjefils, confented to reftore that aflembly ; aban- doning at the fame time the ftamp-duty and the terri- torial impoft, which had been the fources of difpute.
Thefe meafures were, however, infuflicient to eftablifti harmony between the court and the parliament. The nccefPities of the ftate ftill continued ; nor could the deficiency of the revenue be fupplied but by extraor- dinary refources, or a long courfe of rigid frugality.
Aboiit the middle of November 1787, in a full meeting of the parliament, attended by all the princes of the blood and the peers of France, the king entered the niTembly, and propofed two editls for their approbation : one was for a new loan of 450 millions, near 19 millions fterling : the other was for the re-eftabhfti- ment of the Proteftants in all their ancient civil rights; a meafure wli '*!! had long been warmly recommended by the parliament, and which was probably now intro- duced to procure a better reception to the loan. On this occafion, the king delivered himfelf in a fpeech of uncommon length, filled with profeffions of regard for the people, but at the fame time ftrongly exj)reffive of the obedience he expelled to his edi£ts. France. Louis probably imagined, that the dread of that ba= nifliment from which the members had been fo lately * recalled, would have enfured the acquiefcence of the affembly ; but no fooner was permiflion announced for every member to deliver his fentiment, than he was convinced that their fpirits remained totally unfubdued. An animated debate took place, and was continued for nine hours ; when the king, wearied by perpetual ^
oppofition, and chagrined at fome freedoms ufed in ^^.^^ f^j. ^ their debates, fudoenly rofe, and commanded the edifitloan. to be regiftered without further delay. This meafure was nioft unexpedledly oppofed by the duke of Orleans, firft prince of the blood ; who, confidering it a$ an infringement of the rights of parliament, protefte4 againft the whole proceedings of the day as being thereby null and void. Though Louis could not conceal his aftoniftiment and difpleafure at this decifive ftep, he contented himfelf with repeating his orders j and immediately after, quitting the -aflembly, retired to Verfailles. On the king's departure, the parliament confirmed the proteft of the duke of Orleans ; and declared, that as their deliberations had been interrupted^ they confidered the whole bufinefs of that day as of no eff"ea. It was not to be fuppofed that Louis would fufler fo bold  an attack on his power with impunity. Accordingly a letter was next day delivered to the duke of Orleans, commanding him to retire to Villars Cotterel, one of his feats about 15 leagues from Paris, and to receive no company there except his own family; at the fame time the Abbe Sabatiere and M. Freteau, both members of the parliament, and who had Duke of diftinguiftied themfelves in the debate, were feized ^'"''^^"^ under the authority of lettres de cachet, and conveyed, ^^jj'j^^^s the firft to the caftle of Mont St Michel in Normandy, banifhed. the lait to a prifoa in Picardy. This a£h of defpotifra did not fail immediately to roufe the feelings of the ^9S parliament. On the follovvinsc day they waited on the f . , rr ^ ^ A • n , monftran- kmg, and exprelled their altomlhment and concern ces of the that a prince of the blood royal had been exiled, and parliament, two of their members impiifoned, for having declared in his prefence what their duty and confciences difta- ted, and at a time v/hen his majefty had announced that he came to take the fenfe of the aflembly by a plurality of voices. The aniwer of the king was re- ferved, forbidding, and unfatisfadiory ; and tended to increafe the refcntment of the parliament. At the fame time, it did not prevent them from attend- ing to the exigencies of the ftate ; and convinced of the emergency, they confented to regifter the loan for 450 millions of livres, which had been the fource of this unfortunate diflPeience. This conceflHon contri- buted to foften the mind of the king, and the fen- teucc of the two magiftrates was in confequence chan- ged from imprifonment to exile ; M. Freteau being fent to one of his country-feats, and the Abbe Sabatiere to a convent of Benedictines. The parhament however was not to be foothed by that meafure to give up the points againft which they had originally remonftrated. In a petition conceived with freedom, and couched in the moft animated lan- guage, they boldly reprobated the late afts of arbitrary violence, and demanded the entire liberation of the perfons againft whom they had been exerted. We have already noticed the fluduating counfels of the court of 3 K 2 Verfailles j 196 Duke of Verfailles -J and that Louis, as often as he was left to purfue his own inclinations, adopted meafures of reconciliation. On the prefcnt occafion, in the beginning O, leans re J^^^ 1 788, he recalled the duke of Orleans to •ailed. court, who foon after obtained leave to retire to England; and he permitted the return of the abbe Sabatiere and M. Freteau to the capital. The parliament however had not confined their de- mands to the liberation of thofe gentlemen ; but had afTembly which his majefty prepared to I'nftitutc. A France, more unexpedied mortincallon occurred to the king in ——v— the oppofitioil of feveral peers of the realm : thefe expreffed their regret at beholding the fundamental principles of the conftitution violated ; and while they were lavifli in their profeffions of attachment to the perfan of their fovercign, concluded with apologizing for not entering on thofe fuudtions afiigncd them in the ple- nary court, as being inconfittent with the true interells '97 New le- monftrances. alfo echoed the remonftrances of the parliament of of his majelly, which were infeparable from thofe of Grenoble, and had loudly inveighed againft the execu- the nation. tion of leitres de cachet. Thefe repeated remonftrances, mingled with perfonal reflections, feconded moft pro- bably the fuggeftions of the queen, and Louis was once more Inftigated to meafures of feverity. MelT. d'Ef- premevil and Monfambert, whofe bold and pointed harangues had preffed moft clofely on the royal dignity, were doomed to experience its immediate refcnt- ment. While a body of armed troops furrounded the hotel in which the parliament were convened, Colonel Degout entered the affcmbly, aVid fecured the perfons of the obnoxious members, who were inftantly conduced to dilFerent prifons. This new inftance of arbitrary violence occafioned a remonftrance from parliament, which in boldnefs far exceeded all the former reprefentations of that affembly. They declared they were row more ftrongly confirmed, by every proceeding, of the entire innovation which was aimed at in the conftitution. " But, fire," added they, " the French nation will never adopt the defpotic meafures to which you are advifcd, and whofe elfedts alarm the moft faithful of your magiftrates : we ftiall not repeat all the un- fortunate circumftances which afflidt us ; we ftiall only reprefent to you with refpe£tful firmnefs, that the fun- damental laws of the kingdom mujl not be trampled Affembly of the Notables.
The flame quickly fpread throughout the more diftant provinces ; at Rennes in Brittany, and Grenoble in Dauphine, the people broke out into atts of the moft daring outrage. In the latter city feveriil hundreds of the inhabitants perifhed in a conflict with the military ; they yet maintained their ground againft the regulars ; and the commanding officer, at the in- treaties of the firft prefident, readily withdrew his troops from a conteft into which he had entered with reluc- tance. The different parliaments of the kingdom at the fame time expreffed their feelings in the moft glowing language ; and ftrongly urged the neceflity of call- ing together the ftates-general, the lawful council of the kingdom, as the only means of reftoring the public tranquillity.
Louis now plainly faw, that a compliance with the public wiflies for the re-eflablifliment of the ftates-ge- neral was abfolutely neceffary, in order to avoid the calamities of a civil war which impended upon his refufal. in that event he mnft have expefted to have encountered the majority of the people, animated by the exhortations and example of their magiftrates : the peers of the realm had expreffed the ftrongeft dif- approbation of his meafures; nor could he even depend upon, and that your authority can only be ejicenied fo any longer on the fupport of the princes of his blood : long as it Is tewpered nv'tth juJTice" Language fo pointed and decifive, and which aflert- ed the controlling power of the laws above the regal authority, could not fail of ferioufly alarming the king ; and with a view to dlminlfh the influence of parliament, it was determined again to convene the Notables. Accordingly, about the beginning of May, Louis appear- ed in that aflembly ; and after complaining of the excefles in which the parliament of Paris had indulged themfelves, and which had drawn down his reludlant indignation on a few of the members, he declared his refolution, inftead of annihilating them as a body, to recal them to their duty and obedience by a falutary reform. M. de la Moignon, as keeper of the feals, then explained his majelty's pleafure to eftablifti a eour but what afforded moft ferious matter of alarm was the fpirit lately diiplaycd among the militaiy, who, during the difturbances in the provinces, had reluAantly been brought to draw their fwords againft their countrymen ; and many of whofe officer^ fo recently engaged in eftabliftiing the freedom of America,, publicly declared their abhorrence of defpotifra.
It was not, hov/ever, till after many a painful ftruggle that Louis could refolve to reftore an affembly, whofe influence muft naturally overfliadow that of the crown, and whofe jnrifdiftion would confine within narrow limits the boundlefs power he had inherited from his predeceffor. In the two preceding reigns, the ftates- general had been wholly difcontinued ; and though the queen-regent, during the troubles which attended ^/fH/f?^ or fupreme affembly, to be compofed of princes the minority of Louis XIV. frequently expreffed her .of the blood, peers of the realm, great officers of the intention of calling them together, flie was conflantly crown, the clergy, marefchals of France, governors of difluaded by the reprefentations of Mazarin. It is provinces, knights of different orders, a deputation of probable that the prefent monarch ftill flattered himone member from every parliament, and two members felf with the hope of being able to allure the members from the chambers of council, and to be lummoned as of that affembly to the fide of the court ; and having often as the public emergency, in the royal opinion, employed them to eftabhih fome degree of regularity Ihould render it requifite. If the alfemhly of the Notables liftened in filent de- ference to the projeft of their fovereign, the parliament of Paris received it with every fymptom of averfion. "^i'hat body ftrongly protefted againft the eftabliftiment king's pio- of nny other tribunal ; and declared their final refolupojais. ^-^jj ^^^^ g^jjy deliberations in the fupreme 199 to the in the finances, and to curb the fpirit. of the parliaments, that he would again have difmifled them to obfcurity.
Under thefe imprefiions an arret was ifftied in Auguft, fixing the meeting of the ftates general to the firft of May in the enfuing year; and- every ftep was taken to fecure the favourable opinion of the public 1 . during aoo Arrep for fummoning rhe Uiitc s general. New arrangements took place in tending to fliakc the novel fabric Infurrections and revolution. during the interval. the adminiftration ; and M. Necker, whom the confidence of the people had long follov/ed, was again introduced into the management of the finances ; the torture, which by a former edi£t had been reftrifted in part, was now entirely aboHflied ; every perfon ac- cufed was allowed the affiftance of couiifel, and per- mitted to avail himfelf of any point of law; and it was decreed, that in future fentence of death fhould not be paffed on any perfon, unlefs the party accufed fiiould be pronsunced guilty by a majority at leaft of three judges.
The time appointed for the convention of the ftates- general was now approaching; and the means of af- fembling them formed a matter of difficult deliberation in the cabinet. The laft meeting, in 1614, had been convened by application to the bailiwicks. But this mode was liable to feveval tlrong objeftioxis ; the bailiwicks had been increafed in number and jurifdiction, feveral provinces having fince that period been united to France ; and the numbers and quality of the members were no lefs eu objedt of ferious attention: it was not till the clofe of the year, therefore, that the propofal of M. Necker was adopted, which fixed the number of deputies at 1000 and upwards, and or- dained that the reprefeniatives of the third eftate or commons fhould equal in number thofe of the nobility and clergy united.
The eyes of all Europe were now turned on the ftatee-general ; but the moment of that aflembly's meeting was far from aufplcious : The minds of the French had long been agitated by various ru- mours ; the unanimity that had been expected from the different orders of the ftates w-as extinguilhed by the jarring pretenfions of each ; and their mutual jealoufies were attributed by the fufpicions of the people to the intrigues of the court, who were fuppoftd already to repent of the hafty alTent which had been extoi ted. A dearth that pervaded the kingdom increafed the general difcontent ; and the people, prefTed by hunger, and in- flamed by refentment, were ripe for revolt. The fo- vereign alfo, equally impatient of the obftacles he continually encountered, could not conceal his chagrin ; v.hile the influence of the queen in the cabinet was a- gain eftabhfhed, and was attended by the immediate removal of M. Necker. The dlfmlflion of that minifter, fo long the favourite of the public, was the fignal of open infurreflion : the Parifians alFembled in myriads; the guards refufed to oppofe andftain their arms with the blood of their fellow- citizens ; the count d'Artois and the moil obnoxious of the nobihty thought themfelves happy in eluding by flight the fury of the infurgents ; and in a moment a revolution was accomplifhed, the molt remarkable perhaps of any re- corded in hiftory.
But that we may not take up room with an imperfect or dubious narration, we inull defer giving any detail of particulars till fome future opportunity, when the tide of innovation and reform now prevailing in that kingdom fliall have fubfided, and the govern- ment in one lhape or another have attained a foot- ing that promifes to be durable. The objects of the revolution are many and arduous : and it is impoffible to fay, whether we may have yet to record their entire confuramation ; or to recount a new train of events and to reftore the France, puiflance and the fplendor of royalty, though the fceptre v— ^ of defpotlfm fliould be fwayed no more. In fliort, it is wifhed to have an opportunity, not only of detailing the progrefs, but of furveying the fihal iflue, of the event in queftlon. Such an opportunity may perhaps be afforded by the time we arrive at the article Revolution, where there will be occafion to advert to the principal events which under that denomination have formed eras in the hiftory of dilFerent nations, and when of courfe this great era in the annals of France will claim a fliare of attention proportioned to its magnitude and importance.
The air in France is pure, healthy, and temperate. The kingdom is fo happily feated in the middle of the temperate zone, that fome make it equal to Italy, with i-egard to the delightfulnefs of the landfcapes, and the fertility of the foil : however, it is certainly much more healthful. The foil produces corn, wine, oil, and flax, in great abundance; and they have very large manufadlures of linen, woollen, filk, and lace. They have a foreign trade to Spain, Italy, Turkey, and to the Eaft and Weft Indies. They themfelves reckon that the number of the inhabitants is 20,000,000. The kingdom is watered by a great number of rivers; of which the four principal are, the I^oire, the Seine, the Rhone, and the Garonne or Gironde. The monarchy was abfolute before the late revolution ; and the fubjedls were extremely devoted to their prince even under the greateft afts of oppreflion. The parliaments, for a long feries of years paft, had little or no ftiare in the government ; and their bulinefs was confined to the pafling and reglftering the arrets or laws which the king was pleafed to fend them: however, they did not always pay a blind obedience to the king, and we have had frequent inftances of their making a noble ftand. In civil caufes thefe parliaments were the laft refort, provided the court did not interpofe. That of Paris was the moft confiderable, where the king ufed often to come in perfon to fee his royal a6ls recorded. It confifted of the dukes and peers of France (when dukts and peers exifted), befides the ordinary members, whopurchafed their,,, places ; and they only took cogni- zance of caufes belonging to the crown. The revenues of the crown arofe from the taille or land-tax, and the aids which proceed fi-om the cuftoms and duties on all merchandize, except fait, the tax upon which commodity is called the gadclles* : befides thefe, there were , jj^^ other taxes ; as, the capitation or poll-tax ; the tenths hoiifhed. of all eftates, officer, and employments; befides the 15th See Gait/, penny, from which neithc r the nobility nor clergy were exempted. Add to thefe, the tenths and frte-gifts of the clergy, who were allowed to tax themfelves ; and, laft'y, crown-rents, fines, and forfeitures, which brought in a confiderable fum. All thefe are faid to have a- mounted to 15,000,000 Sterling a- year. But the king had other refources and ways of raifing money, whenever neceflity obliged him. The army, in time of peace, is faid to confift of 200,000 men, and In time of war of 400,000; among whom are many Swifs, Germans, Scots, Irlfh, Swedes, and Danes. There was till lately no religion allowed In France but the Roman Catholic, ever fince the revocation of the edift of Nantz in 1685 ; though they are not fo de- voted to the pope as other nations of that communi nor had tliey ever any inquifition among them. The Roman Catholic is ftill the eftabllihed religion ; but with ample toleration to the Proteftants,.who are now even not excluded from places of the higheft truft in the ftate. IJU of France^ a province of France, fo called, becaufe it was formerly bounded by the river Seine, Marne, Oife, Aifnc, and Ourque. It comprehends, befides Paris, the Beauvofis, the Valois, the county of Senlis, the Vexin, the Hurepois, the Gatinois, the Multien , the Goele, and the Mantois. Paris is the capital.

