FRANCE, in franc , France; kingdom dell'ri . The Avignon countryside is not included in Europe, bordering the English Channel to the north and these various eoumerations . There are 13 with the Netherlands , to the east with Alemagna , the parliaments , 32 governments general , and 25 univer ,. Switzerland , Savoy and Piedmont ; _ in the south , which are not lutte famous . with the Mediterranean Sea , and with the Pyrenees , that the history of this kingdom , says a man from Spain ; to the west with the ocean . genius , shows us the power of the kings of Fran
France , which once bore the noine cia , to form , to die two times , reborn of the of Gaul , is understood between the 13th grade, 35 even ; languish then for more centuries ; but what the hell mine . of longitude , ed 25 degree , 25 min, and de insensibly of the forces , it increases from between 42 degree, 20 mio . of latitude north - all parts , and rises to the highest degree ; siminal , and the si gr. 10 min. It has 220 leagues of l and a those rivers , which in their course lose their length from the north to south, from Dunkirk fig) waters , or hide underground , I appear at the borders of the Catalonia in Spain , more no again , ed swollen by rivers that are 200 in width , from Strasburg at the end gettaro , drag violently _ cutto that of the Brittany , alloys of 25 per grade. that stands in their way .
In this extension enjoy of pure air and peoples were absolutely slaves in salubre under a cycle for almost everything tenperate . Praccia , up to the time of Filippo Augu . The ocean and the Mediterranean wet a par . i am. The gentlemen were tyrants until Louis XI. you of the his ribs; defence alırove come on Pyrenees , Francis I did be born the trade , the nadalle Alps and the Rhine. The kingdom is not open enforcement , the letters , and the arts , which all that on the side of Netherlands-Netherlands ; and while that the perished together with him. Henry the Great, seas can far to flourish the his trade to the father 's ed the winner of his own subjects , it was asfuori , of the beautiful ones rivers promote circulation _ stoned in the midst of them , when he was for internal help also from divessi sea channels their happiness . Cardinal de Richelieu's communication Nature presents here one occupied with commitment to lower the house of singular ease in communicating the opposing Austria, Calvinism , and the great . The cardiest extremity of the kingdom , both among them and with nal Mazzarini waited only to remain in the gli States neighbors , by means of canals of pochis - his place with care and art · siipa extension , and of less often , so for the course of 900 years the French concerning the immense ones advantages that _ turns out - masero without industry, in disorder and in the rebbe for the kingdom ; but need start ignorance here _ because they had no part, neither from abolishing the tolls on land and on the rivers , which at large discoveries , nor to beautiful inventions they weigh overwhelmingly on internal trade deyli other peoples . The press , the dust , the ed external .
mirrors , telescopes , the _ compass of proposition France is fertile in wines , grains , legumes tion , blood circulation , machina fruit . It has oils of different kinds , wood , ca- pneumatics , the true system of the nape universe , minicre of iron, lead and copper : they do not belong to them, they they did of the tore quarries of stones to be manufactured , slate quarries , Loei , while the Portuguese and the Spaniards dis they deprive and conquer new worlds all'orien - ' ancient as much as the monarchy . The king of France you and the west of the known world . He bears the titles of most Christian king , and of son things finally changed I look towards the firstborn of the church . This latest title half of the past century ; le arii , le sciecze , is based on this , that is , when Clovis the trade , shipping , and the navy, embraced the Christian religion , stood and disappeared under Colbert with a luster of which he was the only prince catholic . Over the centuries prestupi Europe ; so much the French nation , assignors , the kingdom avez his _ assemblies Nazi flexible and active , she is adapted to give herself to everything . poles that called themselves States general ; all the facts you've been happening for five years now the provinces sent theirs there _ _ deputies , evi do even though too much see the truth of this they decided the business important of the state assertion

The last States generals were held in Paris in the Ma the riches of France ascending 1614, under Louis XIII. perhaps in subjects gold and silver , to an ini . 1 His roosters ancient inhabitants , furore renome . liard according to the monetary quality present ( ilti for their strength and skill; it did not want me: mark of gold at 082 lire , and that silver to no of ten years to Caesar to make the cor.quista so lire ), are found unfortunately parts of their country , and submit it to the empire Rome, you, as were the riches of Rome, in time not. The Vandals , the Swabians , the Alani , ed other of the fall of the republic . The capital for - peoples barbarians , having begun to scuoma , to say thus , the state same ; everything tere the Roman Empire, the Gori they dared abbac . run into this chasm , in this center of
bit keep it come on fundamentals carrying in the same Itatence ; the provinces are depopulated to excess , | lia . While sacked Rome, and in 402 the worker oppressed by poverty , he fears they would settle in Spain , by concession of the to give in the light of the unhappy . It is true that He is weak Honorius, emperor by name , the Frans. already XIV realizing for a century and more (in the chi, o French , with the Salj and other peoples 1666) of this inveterate evil , believed In Germanics , close to the Rhine, sharpened their encouragement the propagation of the species , pro weapons ; they they passed the Rhine towards the an . 420
• putting reward to those who had ten under Faramondo their leader, and the first king sons : it would be state very much better go back at of this monarchy . The Countries bass and the Pi. causes of evil and bring you the true remedies ; causes and cardiac they were their first conquests over the easy - to - find remedies .
Romans . The only religion Catholic professes herself in that Clovis, their fifth king, embraced the Cri -. i am reign , from which Louis XIV revoked , in 1685 Stianism , he and the his people , and carried the edict of Nantes, by means of the which Henry IV, borders of this state nascent almost to that had allowed the exercise of the religion priest point where I am at the present. you know reformed . [ Anyone walking through this channel duodecimo king of the second race , the had trada in today , would see how much have changed expanded far beyond in Spain , Italy, ed of aspect of the thing; the Cattolica Religion nell 'in Alemagna : he was crowned as peratore di externa can   say completely gone . "] This west, in 800, and restored that title that kingdom is the more ancient of Europe . His founds those among his own descendants who reigned _ tion dates back to the beginning of the 5th century being ve. in Alemagna , they brought you nuti i Franchi , ed some other peoples of Ger - Nelle two first races of the kings of France, no mania at this time to settle down in Gallie , yes always regarding the primogenile obverse _ Which they were part of the western empire . ture for the succession at the crown; but they are not counted from Faramondo onwards , whose kingdom one never sees an example other than women Yes and no is. it began towards the year 420, until Luigi you admitted at the succession of the throne, XVI, 67 kings in three breeds ; 21 in the first; 13 what is expressed , by saying , that the kingdom , of in second , and 33 in third . The first chia - France never falls into the distaff . Believed to be masi de ' Merovingi ; the second of Carlovin - that exclusion of the women is founded in que. gi ; the third of the Capets · The crown of France I am , which in first courses cempi of the monarchy , the is credit ; the only ones sons male and legitimate they are crown like fiefdoms , it was given with the obligation of the qualified to succeed the throne, according to a custom military service Geogr . mod. Tom. II.
yes
Charlemagne i which
The best cards that are been published The order of St. Louis was founded in 1693, de of France after those of G. de Lisle, I am Louis XIV, in favor of the officers Catholics those of M. Danville, of RIJulien, in 24 pigeons who had served with distinction . The cross there foyli , and the atlas of France in 175 sheets is in gold, with other points . white enamelled _ great , that when it will be task, it will surpass and corner of lilies gold . On one side there is a lot cutto what has been had so far of the figure of St. Louis armed with cuirass , covered inFrance . There _ I am already iso sheets , and of the 25 ta of a royal mantle , with this one inscription in papers to be completed , there I am more than 14 gold letters ; Lud , magro instit . 1693; on
таgt marked . This work is done under the au - reverse evvi a sword naked, which claims spicj of the government , the which administers different vella its tip a laurel wreath , with the help at the company whose expenses and management is legend , bellic . virtutis præm . The knights the state undertaken .
lead at the button panel of the dress , attached to the mountains more considerables of France, a little pastro the color of fire . it is the Alps that separate it from Italy, the Pi. The the king 's state advises is made up of the king ; kidneys , which confine it to the side of the Delphidum when it is old to assist you , of gna ; the Cévennes in Languedoc ; the mountains six ministers and secretaries of state , and of the cortrollod'Auvergne ; Mount Jura, between the General Franca- re of the finances . His _ sessions on County and Switzerland ; and the Vosges , between the Alsa - held on Sundays and mercoldi . The Advice aunt and Lorraine.
of the dispatches is composed of the king , the dolphin are found there four rivers great , of which of the chancellor , of the seal guard , of the gods mi . we will talk to their article ; the Rhone , the Ga. registrars and secretaries of state , of the controller genc .
. ronna , the Loire, and the Seana . In many his pro-ral of the finances , and of two state councilors _ vincie meet waters minerals .
ordinary : gather the saturday .
; The kingdom 's first cavalry order , avu .
They were the ancient one suppressed in 1787 consi . to regard at distinctions , is the order of the son real of the finance , ed the Advice real of the Spirit Holy, established by Henry III in 1678. trade , and a new one was created The king n ' council is the chief, ed the great master . The ord . finance and commerce , the which gathers each of it , according to gl beati , it must not be like month. It is made up of twelve members . It was placed that of a hundred knights ', including four still created a finance committee , made up of four cardinals peeled , which , like the five members . The same year , and with king. valieri lay people , do proof of three generations , golation of 9 October 1787 ful created a of nobility , ed some alues . The distinctions of this board of directors of the order department are a large corchina band date of war, under the title of council of war. worn like a scarf from right to left . The administration of this department is to the right , at the end of which is attached a large visa between the state secretary of war , and the cross eight- pointed gold , on one side with a war council ; so much so that the first king. dove enamelled in white , and on the other the im - sta in charge of all the active part and performance of S. Michele. The hems neither hard smatova of the administration , ed the council of tati di bianco and gli corners adorned with gi - war it is of the whole legislative part and with: the gold Beyond this cross , the knights sultiva . the war council consists of 9 ne they bring another silver , cushion or official ric general , of which uoo does the mata functions on the left side of their dress , or mao of referendary under the direction of president tello , and on which there is likewise a colom . of the board , which is the state secretary who ba _ silver embroidered .
has the department of war. The order of S. Michele was founded in 1469 Evvi also a committee in which I have to . by Louis XI, and renovated by Louis XIV in the no essere discussed and examined all plans and kings . 1665. To the necklace of the order is attacked a goal proposed from the war council . medal representative coo rock , above In 1788, a council was formed of the seas. which there is the archangel St. Michael, who fights oa , to instar of that of war.
from the dragon. The knights they wear a wide band The state council _ private , or of parts , black wave , in scarf , is held in the boardroom from cancel
yesterday ; in those days that the like it . This tri .,! authority of these approaches _ _ much at quelbunale is composed of the king who rarely assists you, the gods parliaments : finallymen: and a council sudel chancellor ', of the seal guard , of the secretaries perior established in Arras, for the Artois , the of state , of about 30 councilors of state order of which power however it is more limited . The parlamensj , of the controller geverale , degl'intendentito of Paris has the title of court of even ; the peers of the finances , and 12 councilors of state , if i have session , and must be there judged , which ones they serve for semester. There are still 12 The general direction of repdite del rè , official memorials taken from _ body of the speaks and the straight to know in the last resort of tutmento , who enter for three months of the year in to what concerns them , this is reserved advice , where they refer the business on - to to the room of accounts , ed at short of sus. de are in charge . Their number _ ascends to sidj . The rooms of the accounts are today in number _ to 88 . The great council , reduced to phrases in the kingdom ; _ but some are found joined to de ' ma of the ordinary supreme court by Charles VIII, parliaments , or others short sovereigns . The corci in 1492, he received in these last times of subsidies I am jurisdictions superior stabilis a new form. This supreme company you to judge the differences his money regi vnica in monarchy , exercises his _ jurisdi - in reserve of the patrimony. There _ they are 15, 10 aione in the whole extension of the kingdom . The candle _ Which I am unite or ai parliaments , or at Chacellor of France is the only chief and first chambers of cone . president born, but only rarely does he attend ; France maintains cire in peacetime so happens that there be another prime cs 200 thousand _ men , all of whom , in the time of president commissioned with letters war licenses , they can easily double , if by the king. The others members of this company I know. the case so requires ; and its navy which has no ao four presidents , which serve for tri. epoch prior to card . of Richelieu, he is mestre , 22 in 23 directors per semester, one augmented under this reign to a for point . attorney general, two lawyers generals , a midable . It currently has about Chancellor in capita , a large number of others of . 90 warships skin different parts of the ficiali .
world. Under the kings of the first and the second breed , Of 32 large govern that divide the kingdom , the the title of parliament was proper to the assembly . 6 are on the eastern side, Alsace , the general blea of the gods prelates , dukes, counts and to Lorraine, Franche -Comté , Burgundy , three great ones of the kingdom . This was a kind of with the Bressa , the Lionese, and the Dauphiné; s diet he regulated the business major of the is - at midday , Provence, the Linguato , convened by the king now in a city , now in goose, the Roussillon , the county of Foix , and another . The business details were judged the Bearn ; 5 a poses the Guienna , the Sain .
1 from yo advice choice from the rée that followed sem - tonge with the Angoumese , the country of Aunis , pre his person: but as it was the same the Poitou , and Brittany ; 4 to the north , the Nor . as expensive as it is inconvenient to subjects , the mandia , Picardy , Artois , and Flanders to come from the bottom of the provinces of the kingdom , in the French style; 12 of the interior of the kingdom , the Sham . court for the decision of their processes , Filip . pagna , the Nivernese , the Burbunese , the Auро
the beautiful, towards the year 1302, yielded this agrees , the _ Limousin , the Marches, Berri, siglio , with the title of parliament, sedentary in La Touraine , Anjou , Maine col Perche, Paris , and created in addition other places of the kingdom al- | 1 Orleanese , and the Isle of France. tri courts higher , to instar than that of [ Il tio said here , beginning give it ordiParis . The number was increased _ come on his | ni of cavalry already suppressed , with whatnot successors , and these companies they had still - there was more ancient in France everything is gone ra the name of parliament. I'm in today al ou subject to a fatal revolution . The mere of 13 extinct; Paris , Toulouse , Grenoble , Bourbon , has the nation sway in a deaux ; Dijon, Rouen , Aix , Rennes, Pau, sea of mali , agitated by the impetus of Metz, Douai , Besancon and Nanci parties . . There is an oppose . In five years has experienced two cora a supreme council in Colmar for the various constitutions . While we write ( setSazia , one in Perpiguano for the Rossiglione , el tembre 1795) was formed , examine it and

de Heads of places a third one of Departments decreed by the agreement .
which here an idea . 
| Division fixed _ already made since _ mo - Ain
chin of the revolution of all France | Aisne
in departments , these are _ divided into can. Allier
tonige the cantons uncommon . In the cantons , Alps ( low )
the citizens formants many bodies , how many can   Alps (high)
provide the o number of 450 up to that of Ardeche 
990, gathered involve the assemblies pri -Ardennes
marie , one of whose offices is to name | Arriege 
every year in March gli voters . Sunrise

  The voters give her assemblies primary no- Aude
mined furmano united together the Aveyron assemblies
electoral of the departments the item of the Bouches of the Rhone .
which one is to elect the members of the body the Calvados. 
legislative the administrators of the respective Cantal
departments , the president & c. and these 23- Charente
semblee yes must gather annually in Charente in fer
April . To be voters want you sure Cher
requirements certain , among which _ that of a Correze 
vere a prefixed fund & c.
Corsica The legislative body composed of individuals - Costa d'Oro two appointed give it clectors is divided into two North Coast councils , one said of the five hundred , because Creuse soo members make it up , and the other of the Dordogne elderly , because the 250 who sit there gotta doubs no all have you are 40 years old . I respect to the Drome five hundred propose laws ; _ and ai an - Euro ziani accept or reject them . These two with Euro and Loira recommend they have correspondence between them for mez - Finisterra 20 of messages , which mutually por - Gard. the embassies .
Garonne (al .) The promulgation of the laws is attributed to Gers. to another body which is called Diretrorio , Gironde and that's what he owns the exercise of the power Hérault executive . This is made up of Ille and Villaine five members , and must supervise order Indro . public and at the internal security ed external Iodro and Loire of the state '. It dominates the generals of the ar- Isera mate, and makes them operate, marida Jura ambassadors and ministers , deals peace , alliances & c. creates the Landes
& ministers of state for the business interior ed and Loire Cher sterni , for war, for marioa , com. Loire (high) mercio , & c. and communicates with two Lower Loire councils by means of referendums his own . I mem . | Loiret bri of this Directorio you change one | Lot each year ,
and those of the Lote Garonne legislative body they go out ogri year for a third .
Lozère Here is the division geographic-political of the Manche France in departments as it was decreed Marl by the Assembly national neither months of Gennaro Marne (high and February 1790.
  Bourg
Laon
  Mulins 
  Digne 
Gap
  Privas 
  Mezières 
Tarascon
  Troies 
  Carcassonne 
 Rhodez 
 Aix .
 Caen
San-Flour
Angouleme
Saintes.
 Burges . 
 Toul 
 Bastia 
 Digion .
St. Brieux 
 Gueret . 
 Perigueux 
 Besanzone 
 Valence. 
 Evreux .
  Sciartres 
 Quimper 
Nimes
Toulouse.
Auch
Edge
 Montpellier
Rennes
 Castelrosso 
Tours.
 Granoble 
 Lons -le-Saunier
Mount of Marsan
Blois
Le Puy
Nantes
Orleans
Cahors
 Agen 
Mende
 Coutances 
 Scialons 
 Chauinont 

Departments . Heads - places . The encouragement agriculture and in . industry , alédiante taxes _ moderate ; the Maienna . Laval I'm leaving the more impartial of the gabelles over all Maina and Loire Angers classes or orders of citizens proportionate Meurte Nansi mind at faculty ; there everything what is missing Mosa. Bar le Duc
to the power of a kingdom that surpasses other sta • Morbihan Vannes
ti of Europe, for i benefits multiple that res Moselle
ceve from the her position , from his North terrain . Douai
by ingenuity of the his inhabitants . Nothing fitri Nyevre Nevers
it seems more fair of this equality of repairs Oise Boves

tition of gabelles , so long as participating tut: i Orne Alenson
of the protection of the state , all still ne Paris Paris
must bear the weights . It is unfair that those Pass of Cale Arras
what more own pay less; Puy de Dome Clarmonte is unfair
than those which _ have less, portioo ! a con. Pirepei (al .) Pau
tribution of those who possess advantage ; _ Pyrenees ( bas .) Tarbe
it is unfair that the big ones property are a cia Pyrenees oriental Perpignan
tolo to denial of the contributions . Then Reno ( bas .) Strasbourg
arise the burden , the oppression , the putReno ( high) . Colmar
ria of the weak ; so extinction of the Rhône and Loire Lyon
industry , the languor of agriculture , the deSaona (high) Vesul
loss of trade , discouragement Saone and Loire Macon
of the third state that forms the strength of the body Sarte Mans
politician . Sena infer Rouen
[ Without here examining whether the cause of these Sena and Marna Melun
evils really existed in France, under the Sena é Oisa Versaglies
monarchy , we ca n't to deny that the goSèvres (Two; Niort
French winter under the monarchy needed • Somma Amiens.
gno of some reform , as they have biTarn . Castres ..
dream all the been after a long time stretch of teni . Var Toulon .
pi, because of the abuses that are introduced in the Vendée
Fontenay-le-Comte the laws , of the variation that happens in the Vienna Poitiers lives
king and in the costumes of the citizens , of the greater or Vienna (high ) Limoges
smaller population , of riches or poverty Vosges Epinal
of the state and other similar causes; but this rifor : Yonga
Auxerre .

] but it was to be done with a lot precaution and av.
sight ; why the good, which can not be done except through a great evil, is no longer good, and the more grand abuse would be what you want reform all the abuse , they are words of a doctor of the Sorbonne who wrote in times _ of the revolution . ]
In 1787, and with letters driving licenses of 23 Jun . The French hard very hardworking ; and yes they are gno , they were established in all the provinces of all time Discipline for their attachment and faithful reign _ _ except the countries of states , the Berri, and the ' ta to the lor priacipi : but the nature that makes you shine - high Goienna , where already existed of the administrate . der on their heads the sun more tempered strations provincial , which must take care and fruitful while explains under theirs _ steps into objects of economics internal, no less than a soil the more rich , not them had destined for the distribution of all taxation of funds and for the deprivation the most rigorous and indigen - personal tanco of those whose product _ the most general .
needs to being poured out in the real treasure as of that
the
1736
.le that will have place on the streets , public works . 1731, 12 16 1771. 24. S. che, indemnity , encouragement , reparation 1732 9
1772 of churches , and presbyters , ed other expenses whatever . 1733. 6
1773 que, proper to these provinces , or gods district
1734 7
8
1774 · 21 · The countries and communities that belong to it they depend . Parec - 1735 7.
6
1775. 24. 7 such churches administrations I am been formed
8 8 1776, 21. 8 in provinces of great extension .
1737. 9 • 4
1777 19 • To the article Rovergue , we we have expo
1738
1778 19. 19. I'm the advantages immense and multiple that I owe . 1739. 16. 17 1779. 16. 9. no result from these establishments ; but say
1740 IS 16
1780. 17 pier, the spirits will cool down there
1741. 25
1781. 16. 5 will come to large results , they will not give a 1742 •
15 s
• 17 new life to the kingdom will not bring you
1743 9.
1783. 16 abundance , they will not operate never happiness 1744. 7
13
1784 of the peoples , never they will produce strength and splen

1745. 7 13
1785. 18. dor of the state , if the provinces themselves , oi 1746 8 5
1786 18 s districts , do not appoint the deputies they must represent them to the assembly , and if of the iou . Total , 21819
Total .
404 that obstacles suffocate you the germ of the patriot . tismus , source only of the prosperity in the so Price )
Price 10. 18. 11.
4 cities policies . [It is done how much qul deside - common
common ) ravasi by the author , but the consequences contemplated by him have not yet occurred views . ] This state proves that, in the space of 60
What Niona owes so powerfully I concur years , the value of grain is almost doubled : rere at the wealth of France, how much the ac . nevertheless , in past 20 years , it is not growth and prosperity agriculture ; 1 joint never at a price as considerable he is this the nerno of the her force , as much as in 1741. It turns out from the comparison that me nation agricultural . Nothing could give her mag . everyone is within reach to do , J. that increase day free trade activities of the grains , and subsequent of the value of all commodities and mer . nothing sl wise as much as the law that the government songs , from some year , is founded in ragio
, lia promulgated in 1787, to authorize it , and and had become necessary for the augmentation supported at the same time on the espe . to occurred on the first subject of sussi . reence , and on the principles the best weighted and
i li more bright
2. That freedom of the movement of graHere is a picture and someone observations of in the kingdom , stability give it edicts of 1962 to confirm , if necessary , the salu - and of 1763, he produced the good mana brity effect of this law , and to establish always hold the the price of wheat at a value more than the state of the free circulation of so by little always equal , or at least to employ , is the state habitual and natural of the say the disproportions equally uncomfortable to the
, France.
people and to the farmer .
Deesi observe that after 1727 the deno . Price of the Septier of wheat fromento , measure mination of the price of the silver mark
of Chartres, on the day of St. Remigius; did not change in France, but that the his taken from Istoria _ of the Chartres city of value , real dejected throughout Europe in Mr. Doye , printed in Paris in 1786.!
reason of the quantity of metals constantly _ Years . Price . Anri . Prerzo , bring yourself from America , without have then find
to in the Indie a drain proportionate , and an1727 12 lir . 3.50. 1767 15 lir.13.sol. right now _ of the extreme multiplication 1728 7 • 12.
17
made in England , in France, and in Olaoda , ( 1729.10 .
1769
24 17
of the cards circulating : which , for a great deal. . 1730
1770 23 16 quality of practices of trade , make up for it
money ; the qu to the thing making this minus ne prate to ai services , he had to bring a great deal for the purchases and sales , it took a lot of blow away from him at the wealth and to the culture media of some of its usual value _ the more general, the renters abstracted with obligations towards theirs and made it lower the relative value . owners ; and the owners same who do you at foodstuffs , ed to the services .
worthy are _ due discourage ; imperciocA measure that the credit public or partico that there is not manufacturing for which a loss of lare extends at the nations and presents 20 percent , on the verdita of the his works, not means of making a large number of contracts with you seem huge, nor is oppressive ; and if they are simple payment obligations , which change . _ _ sideri that the manufacture of grains in France is white the uni versus the others , so much so that it is about a billion product yearly , sivenon is it is necessary to pay in money if it does not qualify , other than this loss , caused from the decline of the remains ; the relative value of silver diminishes price of the grain septier of 22 lire s soldi inevitably and would subside progressivameo - at 18 lire and money , he had to make an object yourself for this cause alone, when not even 200 to 250 million per year . _ happened this for new ones imports me. The numerary in France is two billions of thalli from America , and although the denomination - lire ] ; the whole product of its territory and the price of the mark remained the same . of go0 million : there are one thousand and 400 million in
It is still necessary to observe that the I price me materials of gold and worked silver , and I return them from wheat although Very more basdite public they are 650 million not com. I know in denomination and relative value in took the collection costs that are believed ten years from 1766, to 3776, of that phos rise to 74 percent . if it was in 1741, it was nonetheless maintainu - The population total of the kingdom , which is affected in this _ interval at 22 lire , 5 soldi , 7 always the sore done with the revocation of the denari , one fifth, and that in the ten years from the Edict of Nantes, does not go beyond today twenty 1776 until 1786, the average price is not millions of inhabitants . state that of 18 lire 2 soldi 4 denari 4 quintia
4
Le Gallie , oils ancient Gaul , it was one These two facts present an object of gods villages more famous of Europe . It wasn't reflections very important ; and is that from ten a monarchy particular ; came possessed years onwards _ the price of the grains , relativamen . by a large number of peoples independent the teas to the mark of silver, has dropped by two unde - uni give it others . He understood the kingdom of Frane tops , although the mark of argedro whether Savoy , as it is today , also comes out , Svize has decreased in relative value with respect to all zera , a part of the country of the Grisons , and all other food , and to all services . _
that part of the! " Alemagna e dei Villages low It follows that agriculture had to being that they are west of the Rhine. in a general state of suffering . Freedom _ This was the real Gaul ; but having the Gauls of export established in 1764 to raise-pass the Alps , and conquered a part of the to the value of the grains , and claimed this Italy, they gave the name of Gaul to them with. value, without variation sensitive . This happened, which it did division is born

' tuation advantageous to the growers , to the own of the Gaul in Gaul cisalpine, or cite. tari and the people , he encouraged coosiderabil riore in transalpine ed further the mind the culture. Major riches I am stay before _ which was still subdivided engraves . employed . to the rural works that are there dana and in traspadana: the transalpine was found paries profitable . The price degl * rent . minds divided into capellata or comata , and the Gal. : i got up , and in each where is it are given raclia bracata ; and after it was conquered come on Ro, cultured more abundant ; but since 1776, having mani , in Gallia Narbonese, Aquitanica , Lio. export had less activity , Glinese , and Belgica ; from the different divisions done effects advantageous from us indicated have delia Gallia and derived that it has the same vuto diminish in itself proportion . The cao a lot often had the name of Gallie in plural of one fifth in the price of grains , relative. Ile . ( R.) lies to the silver mark , which he must be FRANCE ( island of); province of France, more than a quarter in relation to other der . I so said , because it was once between .
there
and in
the Seine, the Marne , the Oisa , the Aisne and, the little Ouro that of the Bourbon island ; and although que. In today it has a lot greatest extension , d or less than this by a quarter , has what it has been heightened of a part of the pro- constants the double I yesterday cultivable , being vincie di Picardia , Sciampagna , Orleanese , the flat and well watered ground , in comparison with Perche, and Normandy . It borders to the north of the other . They are cultivated there same graoi than with Picardy , to the east with Sciainpagna , on the island of Bourbon; however , what is found there mezzodt with the Orleanese , to the west with the grasp of coffee is barely enough for its consumption, Normandy . It has about 38 leagues from east to po - Generally, it is not done any exporting , ed as many from north to midday : De from this island , which does not provide for noon . He understands this government ten songs and food of Europe , of India, and of. little ones countries ; the island of France, properly China , if von as he needs it for it occupies the center; to the southeast , Brie supplies that it administers to the vessels that you French, ed the French Gatinese ; in the south ovese , they land , and at the garrison that evvi sem

: L? Hurepoix ; to the west the Mantcese ; to the north considerable . It evaluates itself as nothing lesovest , the Vexio Francese, cd il Beavoeśe ; to the portation that is made of ebony wood , the northeast , the Valoese , the Soissonese , ed the Lao- whose price has well decayed , so much for reason nese . The soil is fertile in grains , wines , and abundance
, how much for relationship at the siblings , and it is wet from more fiuni navigable . little choice I made of what we export . Paris , which is the capital of everything the kingdom , the earth too loaded with iron mines is in particular of the Isle of France, which has scattered in the surface, evvi of mediocre quality two governors in capita , one for Paris , there for the cultivation of grains , and is soon exhausted . aliro for the Province. (R.)
rita from this itself coliura , which means that FRANCE ( island of), in ancient times said this colony can not administer to the vaisola Maurizio . This island , located in the ma scelli and at the garrison all the provisions of which

. king of India towards them 76 degrees of longitudes - | can need . It is in need of prone, and them 20 gr. 10 min. of latitude meri . see them at the cape of Buona . Hope , and at Mada . dionale , belongs to France, and is the gascar seat , after having emptied the warehouses of the principal of the government of the islands of France and Bourbon island . of Bourbon. It has around 45 circuit leagues ,
Though the study of the botannica not there . two you bring , one to the wind or either in the part of the there as much matter to practice as in the east , called the great port, the other under the Bourbon island , nevertheless it deserves the wind, called the Porto Luigi, from name of the attention of the curious . The government has made camp, neighborhood , or city main that there is large expenses to procure this it isolates the drosituata , and is the residence of the governor genes ; but one still doubts whether it will come to nature. rale , of the steward , and of the supreme council , ask them to you and to multiply them to the point of making them before which the appeal is taken from the senses to the colony of a royal judge . It also has niolte ba - A forge was established on this island , me: je e rade forane , with good anchors , when son than any other than those of France; the ropes do not hedge on inadrepore of each nevertheless it is not believed have carried species that abound in the sea that surrounds it . advantage to his owners in twelve or four .
It was once occupied by the Dutch , that the tordici years that have done to work . There you have it abandoned . The supreme council finds a copper mine , but _ so little abisola Bourbon _ did take the possession of a bondant , which was not sought draw from it profit . me of the company of the Indie, towards the an . Not exvi any reptile species . _ Gl'insetti 1734. Mr. _ de Labourdonnais , foreseeing more dangerous ones that are found there are the hundred the advantage that it he could redundant at the feet or a thousand feet and the scorpionc ; their pu in company , he employed you all the resources of his tru but it heals you from itself in two day :. ingenuity , who knew Do a lot with a few mez - | Wild bees they are less common than in zi , and he laid the foundation for that prosperity Bourbon island . The grasshoppers they have anticamendi which it enjoys in the present.
you fatio Very damage at collected ; you multiply it . The population of this co! ooia surpasses cation _ However of a bird called Martin;
por
And
brought you from India, and which lives only from, when it is fruity , at a certain time it becomes insects , nor ba almost destroyed the species . dry and without connection among his _ parts . A
The capriuole ', the eels , and the mulot , it storms comes shortly after being statz found in grand abundance in all rivers or furrowed ; _ ac takes away the surface, c remanc streams that bathe the island . The sea that the land red , where it does not grow not even one surrounds is full of fish to the extreme ; fishing evvi species of grass . Such is the state current of the amfacile , the species of fish are there good and varied housing . there is; need However eat them carefully . The costumes of the inhabitants of this colony not because the flesh of some is harmful in certain territories oriente that them distinguish from those of the alps . Believed that some madrepore the municipalities . three colonies French ; and on this by the way , bent bad quality .
whoever wants get educated thoroughly, can   cosultare a Tugliansi everything day of the trees in this | book titled Considerations sur l'ile de saisola as in the island of Bourbon; but not re . int.Domingue , which from local out _ contie . hunting . What will they become these islands when de description civil politics and morals of all there are none will remain more , or at least when that you the colonies French . See alcresl what little will remain there will be in sites inaccessible ? we have said to the article of the island of BORBOErano they from the beginning covered with trees of di - NE. ( This article has been there _ _ administered verse species , de! li which the most common they were there from the ancient Mr. Duval Chancellor in understanding oatca with leaves large , the natta with leaves of the supreme council of the island of Bourbon.) small , the wood red , the tacamaca, the ben.
